Hawk has not been seen since Season 1
Other colonies in West Marredpally include Indrapuri railway colony , Krishnapuri colony , SarvaSukhi Colony , and Samrat Colony .
The premise of the program revolves around Tammy Parker , an 18-year-old country girl who moves back and forth between her country family , who lives on a bayou houseboat , and the wealthy Brents , who own a plantation and pancake business .
He also answers to the questions asked from the readers in Hi Madhan in Anada Vikatan which is very informative .
The correct procedure with this Malfunction is to deploy the reserve from a stable belly down position .
The Kufi has no religious significance .
Sometimes the player must help trapped individuals escape as well , and it will take quick thinking and planning ahead to Exit the building successfully .
The Bartians , along with the other Prussians , were conquered by the Teutonic Knights , who Christianized them , brought in newcomers , and built many towns and cities .
The Dreambox is based on the DBox2 units that were distributed by Kirch Media for its pay-TV services before its bankruptcy ; it uses the same Linux-based software originally developed for the DBox2 .
Deliverance released " River Disturbance " in 1994 and " Camelot in Smithereens " in 1995.
Earlier references are found ( familysearch . org ) of Alvericus de BERNEKOWE born in Barnekow , Mecklenburg-Schwerin , Germany in about 1186.
Sam Hurt revived Eyebeam in 1995 , but as a weekly .
Aggregatibacter actinomycetemcomitans is a gram negative Coccobacillus which is prevalent in subgingival plaques .
Many reviewers stated that , " the graphics , while certainly not PGR3 or Gran Turismo 4 quality , are completely adequate " and " allow Redline to run on almost any Mac . " However , reviewers almost universally disliked the lack of a damage model in the simulation mode .
At national level , Ballyragget , as part of the Carlow-Kilkenny constituency , is represented by 5 Teachta Dla in Dil Eireann .
s 2004 redescription of Nipponosaurus found a close relationship between Nipponosaurus and Hypacrosaurus stebingeri , indicating that Hypacrosaurus may be paraphyletic , this was rejected in a later , more comprehensive reanalysis of lambeosaurines , which found the two species of Hypacrosaurus to form a clade without Nipponosaurus , with Corythosaurus and Olorotitan being the closest relatives .
It begins : Solomon Waxtend was a shoemaker of Podunk , a small village of New York some forty years ago .
As of June 2008 they have been signed to Brian " Head " Welch ex-korn guitarist 's new label " Driven Music Group " distributed by Ryko/ Warner Music Group , The groups new album should be out this fall ! On July 2008 , Crossbreed opened up their own audio visual recording studio .
" Although the Electrocoagulation mechanism resembles chemical coagulation in that the cationic species are responsible for the neutralization of surface charges , the characteristics of the electrocoagulated flock differ dramatically from those generated by chemical coagulation . An electrocogulated flock tends to contain less bound water , is more shear resistant and is more readily filterable " - Woytowich D. L.
On one of these missions on 9 August 1969 , a UH-1E from HMLA-367 was shot down near Tchepone , resulting in the loss of Lt.
These observations indicate that Dysnomia orbits Eris at a distance of 37,370150 km .
Tetraoxygen nevertheless been detected as a short-lived chemical species in mass spectrometry experiments .
Wyeth India Ltd.
Although this idea was not fully supported at the time , it was certainly in the air , as shown by William Parks 's naming of a nearly complete skeleton from the Dinosaur Park Formation as Kritosaurus incurvimanus , not Gryposaurus incurvimanus ( interestingly , he left Gryposaurus notabilis alone in its own genus ) .
PuzzleCrack 2006 was run from October 16 to October 20 , 2006 , again by Bert Johnson of Allbase .
The majority of Hunkpapa Lakota now reside in the Standing Rock Indian Reservation of South and North Dakota .
The cross section of a Yaodong is similar to that of a cave : a rectangle in the lower part connected to a semi-circle in the upper part .
The merchant loses the goods or services sold , the payment , the fees for processing the payment , any currency conversion commissions , and the Chargeback penalty .
Gaj , " Polish Cipher Machine - Lacida , " Cryptologia , 16 ( 1 ) , January 1992 , pp .
: Note : A ias may be applied or produced by ( i ) the electrical characteristics of the line , ( ii ) the terminal equipment , and ( iii ) the signaling scheme .
Generally , a SINPO with a code number starting with a 2 or lower would not be worth reporting , unless you had no noise , interference or loss of propagation , since it would be likely the reception would be unintelligible .
With the Osteotome technique , osteoplastic procedures have been developed with which the bone quality ( compaction of local bone ) and bone quantity ( ridge extension in horizontal and vertical dimension ) are routinely improved and adequate primary stability of the implants can be ensured with a high degree of predictability .
Nottuln has bus lines that reach out to Coesfeld , Darup , and Roxel with the R62/ 3 ; Billerbeck and Appelhuelsen with the T85 ; and Muenster with the S60 .
There are silvery stripes that run the length of the leaves plectrum hyemale will spread underground through the growth of its tubers , forming large colonies .
FOSS.IN is organized by the dedicated efforts of the linux-bangalore team , and is made possible by the contributions of their members .
Openfiler includes support for volume-based partitioning , Ext3 , JFS and XFS as on-disk native filesystems , point-in-time snapshots with scheduling , quota-based resource allocation , and a single unified interface for share management which makes allocating shares for various network file-system protocols easy .
Due to possessing psionic powers , Looker does not share the vampire weakness to sunlight ; however , she presumably requires blood as other vampires do .
As Marc Gascoigne puts it " It became obvious very quickly that the occasional comic strip in Inferno! along with the short stories was OK , but very soon what we needed to do was a proper comic , so about a year after Inferno ! kicked in , Warhammer Monthly made its debut . " .
Rieti has a station on the Terni-L'Aquila railway .
Rhymefest was born July 6 , 1980 on the south side of Chicago in Jeffrey Manor .
This spectrum was added by the FCC in 2003 to " align the frequency bands used by U-NII> devices in the United States with bands in other parts of the world " .
The Psykter would be filled with wine , and then be placed in a krater full of cold water or ice .
The shape of the vessel can be traced in pottery back to the Protogeometric period in Athens , however the Athenian Pyxis has various different shapes itself .
A double Reverse adds another level of surprise to the defense ; however , the play takes more time and space to develop and increases the risk of a big loss or a fumbled handoff .
The Hydria has three handles .
The Lekythos was used for anointing dead bodies of unmarried men and many lekythoi are found in tombs .
The Loutrophoros was used to hold water during marriage and funeral rituals , and was placed in the tombs of the unmarried .
Prominent Occiput is a feature of Trisomy 18 ( Edward 's Syndrome ) , along with small jaw , low-set ears , and mental retardation .
Most types of Alabastron have a narrow body with a rounded end , a narrow neck and a broad , splayed mouth .
Necrodeath released the album Draculea on October 22 , 2007.
Trees based on rRNA show the Hartmannellidae as usually defined are paraphyletic to the Amoebidae , which may adopt similar forms .
Traditionally a fishing village , with the construction of the nearby Sullom Voe Oil Terminal in the 1970s Brae grew rapidly , merging with the nearby village of Northbrae .
After unwittingly releasing the Darkwatch 's greatest enemy , a vampire lord named Lazarus Malkoth , Jericho is conscripted into the Darkwatch as an elite operative .
He may also be named after Johnny Cash as both are " cowboys " who are known to dress in black .
Patients with scleroderma , a disease that thickens and hardens the skin , sometimes require oral Commissurotomy to open the corners of the mouth , the commissures , to allow dental treatment .
" and also that it would be speaking to the police about the group . The Welcome to Lancashire signs were erected on the boundaries with Blackburn with Darwen and Blackpool unitary authorities by the county council in 2004 to show where its services begin . CountyWatch responded stating that , " The sign says 'Welcome to Lancashire ' , it does n't say 'Welcome to the administrative unit of Lancashire County Council - that would be all right .
According to the root zone file , the single root entry was replaced in 2006 with just vrsn-end-of-zone-marker-dummy-record , to be reintroduced later in 2006 in its original form .
DEFAULTSORT : Amateur comedy-drama-film-stub crime-film-stub .
April 1991 anlsslich der Ausstellung uphronios , der Maler .
Prior to the opening of the Trafficway , K-10 had ended at the junction of US-40 and US-59 in Lawrence .
These claims would have been validated by the .asia validation partner ( there were two including Deloitte Touche ) and where multiple applications were received , the domains would go to auction .
For advertising purposes , they were called the Hellions , but this name was never used by either Emplate or his followers .
The Pangal are mainly concentrated in and around Imphal , the capital of Manipur .
A Pendent most often requires one or more of the same as itself to completely function .
Knightmare series .
A variation of the chicken Parmigiana , known locally as the " Parmo " , can be found in the North East of England .
A few differences to the finished product were : at start up , cars were already on the Freeway instead of all being lined up on the right side ; the score and Activision logo were yellow instead of pink ; instead of controlling a chicken , the player controlled a man and instead of being forced down a bit when hit by a car , the character would turn into a glowing streak of blood ; there were some minor differences in the sounds used ; and pressing the fire button reset the game .
" It was really quite amazing . We 'd opened a tour with the Moody Blues ... we were expecting offers of work to arrive , but no one asked us to do anything . The next Hotlegs records flopped and we did n't get a single offer of work . It was extraordinary . We 'd had a hit record that had sold two million copies and nobody wanted us . " and " Desperate Dan " , Germany and Spain ) , but none charted . In 1976 Stewart , by then achieving success with 10cc , +admitted : " 'Lady Sadie ' had no class and no originality . It was a very mediocre pop song . " The album also presented a problem , he said : " That was so different to 'Neanderthal Man ' that it was totally alien to what people were expecting from us . It was a good record , a little ahead of its time . It was similar to the things we are doing now . It was very melodic with chord structures that had n't been used before !  and some of the sounds that we used on that album had n't been heard at the time . " .
Protonema are characteristic of all mosses and some liverworts but are absent from hornworts .
Steel monocoque construction is now the most common form of car Bodywork , although aluminium and carbon fibre may also be used .
Currently Incharge of all northern Region airport Is a Chaturvedi Mr M. N Chaturvedi , His one of the lucky person who got the opportunity to Present india in ICAO(UN Body ) .
The unique feature of Ning is that anyone can create their own custom social network for a particular topic or need , catering to specific audiences .
The many unusual features of these plants led to the establishment in 1958 of the species Takakia lepidozioides , in a new genus Takakia , named to honor the man who rediscovered it and recognized its unique characteristics .
Trade Me Limited owns several sites which appear grouped together as tabs at the top of the TradeMe website ( see top of page ) , allowing navigation between the related pages .
The Boomershoot has appeared in magazines such as Newsweek and Outside Magazine , KING 5 Evening Magazine as well as numerous articles in local newspapers .
Nonetheless , she does not revert to her Althena form when her memories and powers are released , and though 'Lucia ' is eventually killed , Althena assumes the form of Lucia again soon after .
Kollengode is home to Late Mr. C. Vasudevan Menon ( MLA ) , who was an old Marxist leader and Secretary of Marxist supported Farm Workers union .
NYCO is led by Ted Atkatz , a former principal percussionist for the Chicago Symphony Orchestra .
The Zzere runs through the town Manteigas , passes south of the city Covilh and esat of the town of Pedrogo Grande .
Homes usually have a Setback from the property boundary , so that they cannot be placed too close together .
An example of Muniment of Title would include but is not limited to using a death certificate of a joint tenant to prove that title resides with living joint tenant .
In first edition supplements , Glasya was very influential but not very powerful in combat and thus preferred to stay on the sidelines when it came to battle .
Unlike the androgynous Taelons with whom they share a biological ancestor , the Jaridians have two sexes , with both males and females engaging in combat .
Archetype was the official seal of Weilburg from the year 1329.
Though the name can be found written alternatively as Jharna , Zarana is the most common spelling .
In between adjacent Haustra are semi-lunar folds , known as the plicae semilunares .
It is bent forward at the summit so as to present a prominent lip which is received into the Olecranon fossa of the humerus in extension of the forearm .
Thomas Kleine , German footballer , was born in Wermelskirchen in 1977.
Most ynarthrosis joints are fibrous .
It has a similar temperate climate , although it is said that it rains every day in Albion ( an exaggeration of the common perception of the British and Irish climate ) .
For elections to Penwith Council Morvah falls within the Morvah , Pendeen and St Just ward .
Presidential candidate Jean-Marie Le Pen told residents of Argenteuil , many of them immigrants , " If some want to Karcherize you , to exclude you , we want to help you get out of these ghettos . " As a response , Krcher France sent a letter to all of the candidates in the 2007 presidential election asking them not to use the company 's name this way , and has run ads in newspapers disassociating itself from the remarks .
Molarity and Osmolarity are not commonly used in osmometry because they are temperature dependent ; that is , water changes its volume with temperature .
Eventually , KZON switched to a Rhythmic CHR format .
The Betrayal is deepened because Jerry , we learn , was best man at their wedding .
Gemsbok live in herds of about 10-40 animals , which consist of a dominant male , a few non-dominant males , and females .
The United States Congress authorized the creation of UPIN IDs through Section 9202 of the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985.
The Tether strap is located on the rear of the child car safety seat and has a hook .
Another form of Gibberish known as allibi is spoken using the insertion -allib- .
Cushman scooters usually weighed about 250 to 335 pounds and some had as much as 9 horsepower .
Mondo was given the task of sneaking in through the ground and finding Illyana .
Postvention includes procedures to alleviate the distress of suicidally bereaved individuals , reduce the risk of imitative suicidal behavior , and promote the healthy recovery of the affected community .
The town of Foa is situated at about convert north by northwest of zmir city center .
Certain researchers consider the decline in the Chinkara population as the reason behind the extinction of the Asiatic Cheetah in India .
Surdo sizes normally vary between 16 " or even 14 " and 26 " or even 29 " diameter .
Usually the Udu is made of clay .
Invented by Bill Bernardi ( and co-engineered by Roger Noble and with former Lyricon performer Chuck Greenberg ) , it was manufactured by a company called Computone Inc in Massachusetts .
Often it is in the operations area rather than the process area that Muda can be eliminated and remove the blockage to the plan .
In 1973 a group of New Yorkers who later renamed themselves Infinity Broadcasting acquired KOME as the first of many stations to come .
One might Waffle throughout an essay or a presentation , when not having enough material or needing to fill in time .
Palatschinken are traditionally filled with apricot jam , rolled and sprinkled with some confectioner 's sugar , but a variety of different fruit jams , chocolate sauce , nuts , dried or fresh fruit ( banana slices etc ) , quark , poppy seed , or any combination thereof , are often used .
The District Head Quarter Janjgir of the district Janjgir-Champa is the city of Maharaja Jaajawalya Dev of Kulchury dynasty .
Kaufungen is situated on the Mrchenlandweg ( literally : fairy tale way ) , a long distance footpath and riding and cycle way .
Gaylussacia frondosa is found in the eastern United States .
The mining developments around Botallack form part of the St Just mining district 's successful inclusion in the Cornwall and West Devon Mining Landscape World Heritage site which was approved in July 2006.
Agropoli has also a large tourist port , connected by ferries to Capri , Ischia and Naples .
The compression form used by a JT file is related to the JT file format version in which it was written .
They are known as Sicangu Oyate , or " Burnt Thighs Nation , " and so , were called Brul ( lit . " burnt " ) by the French .
A variant of the DNA sequence at a given Locus is called an allele .
American forces within a Kaserne could range anywhere from company size , with a few hundred troops and equipment , to brigade level formation with supporting units , or approximately three to five thousand troops and their equipment .
Adding the protective Catshead to the gable end of an existing roofline made roofing tasks simpler , and conserved building supplies by eliminating the flashing that would be required by a completely separate roof .
Its territory , which was smaller than that of present Csongrd county , is presently in southern Hungary and northern Serbia .
The primary focus of Theodism is an attempt to reconstruct the pre-Christian religion of the Germanic branch of the Indo-European peoples , within the cultural framework and community environment of specific tribes .
A 4th century inscription tells of two ladies who had purchased for their future interment , a Bisomus in a " new crypt " which contained the body of a Saint : : IN CRYPTA NOBA RETRO SAN : CTUS EMERVM VIVAS BALER : RA ET SABINA MERUM LOC : V BISOM AB APRONE ET A : BIATORE Like so many pious but rather superstitious persons of that age , " Balerra " and " Sabina " wished to be buried in the closest proximity to a martyr , retro sanctos , a privilege which , as we learn from another inscription , " many desire but few receive " ( quod multi cupiunt et rari accipiunt ) .
Egeus is very insistent that his daughter marry Demetrius , despite her own feelings .
The Thran Empire , centered in their capital city of Halcyon , encompassed much of the main planet of the plane of Dominaria .
The following are links to pictures of Myddfai taken by the club .
The Holomorph provides interesting examples of groups , and allows one to treat group elements and group automorphism in a uniform context .
Campion leads two young men , one American and one British , on a midnight raid on a hideout , led by Lugg and one of his reformed criminal friends .
The Pencilina is played by striking its strings and bells with sticks .
On January 18 , 2006 the Sacramento Bee included HumorFeed in a timeline of notable satire publications and shows ranging from the founding of Mad Magazine in 1952 to the debut of the Colbert Report .
The Senepol breed combines the N'Dama characteristics of heat tolerance and insect resistance with the extreme gentleness , good meat , and high milk production of the Red Poll .
Paste became a monthly with its August 2006 issue .
Newdigate has a medieval Church called St Peter 's , an infant school , a village shop , run and owned by Bob Bettesworth , with sub post office and two public houses as well as many small businesses .
The later the Cutoff the higher the steam pressure will be on average along the stroke of the piston delivering more force to the piston but , since there will still be unexploited pressure in the cylinder at the end of the stroke , this is achieved at the expense of engine efficiency .
This child is Cligs , who is raised in Greece but follows his father 's footsteps to Arthur 's kingdom when he is old enough to be knighted .
Many mushrooms in the genus - for example Cortinarius sanguineus and other species in section Dermocybe - are beautiful and colourful and are often used for dyeing .
Typical symptoms of a Strain include localized pain , stiffness , inflammation , and bruising around the strained muscle .
There are also generic versions of Dacarbazine available from APP , Bedford , Mayne Pharma and Sicor ( Teva ) .
Smbmount is identical in functionality as using mount -t smbfs .
In a reference to this , just before Jak speaks for the first time in Jak II , Daxter pleads with him to " Say something ! Just this once ! " .
SunCom Wireless only operates on the GSM platform now .
KALC came on the air with a hot adult contemporary format , branded as " Alice 106 " .
Coldfront also hosts a number of related third party channels , including clan , guild , society , corporation and amateur radio channels .
The campaign was brought back in 2001 when Luvs began using the cloth-like cover , this time placing the water balloon on diaper on cotton balls .
Gnash is released under the GNU General Public License .
The S-N-23 was designed for use by the Russian Delta IV submarine , each of which is capable of carrying 16 missiles .
His death is deeply mourned by Alleycats fans as seen in the press and media .
The story of Gora Badal has been depicted on a wall painting in Eklingaji temple in Udaipur .
In Mahasamund , 14 % of the population is under 6 years of age .
Nitronium is a more potent electrophile than is Nitrosonium , as anticipated by the fact that the former is derived from a strong acid ( nitric acid ) and the latter from a weak acid ( nitrous acid ) .
A sequel named Rollcage Stage II was released in 2000 for Windows and Playstation .
Covering the head is respectful in Sikhism and if a man is not wearing a turban , then a Ruml must be worn before entering the Gurdwara .
Although the Rhomphaia was similar to the Falx , most archaeological evidence suggests that rhomphaias were forged with straight or slightly curved blades , presumably to enable their use as both a thrusting and slashing weapon .
A Meadery would typically be in the style of a banquet hall , having wooden flooring , heavy wooden tables , and lit by candlelight with white-painted granite walls .
The city also hosts the annual Chuncheon Makguksu Noodle Festival , featuring makguksu tastings and other celebrations .
After several albums , many no.1 hits and two years of sheer success , Hi-5 came to an end in 2005.
By 1968 , WLS-FM expanded its hours on the air from 6 a. m.
The CERNET project is funded by the Chinese government and directly managed by the Chinese Ministry of Education .
He can Armor Fuse with Daigunder to form Legendary Battle Warrior ! DragoDaigunder ( Dragon Daigunder ) with DragoFlame as a sword and DragoFreezer as a shield and attacks with his Burst Cannon .
KTCL helped break local bands The Fray , Meese , 3OH ! 3 , Single File , Tickle Me Pink , and Flobots onto the national scene .
Azumi ( played by Aya Ueto ) is discovered as a 78 year old girl kneeling without visible emotion next to the body of her dead mother by the samurai master Gessai , played by Yoshio Harada , and his entourage of young students .
However , Arabella goes upstairs and Mandryka , grieving and blaming himself , stays downstairs .
The Bicorne or Bycorne , a counterpart to the Chichevache which fed on obedient and kind husbands , was reputedly fat and plump because of the plentiful supply of such men .
In battle , the Reiksguard favour fighting in large regiments , the better to defeat the enemy with the full splendor of their mirrored armor and crimson plumes .
Cai is romanized as Cai in the People 's Republic of China , Tsai ( or occasionally Tsay or Chai ) in the Republic of China ( Taiwan ) , and Choi or Choy in Hong Kong .
It has been suggested that RLI in lower eukaryotes functions by inhibiting RNAses involved in ribosomal biosynthesis , thereby regulating the process .
At that time , Trap-Jaw is knocked into the room by Orko wielding the Power Sword .
It is a paramount feature of existentialist philosophy , in which Anguish is often understood as the experience of an utterly free being in a world with zero absolutes ( existential despair ) .
Anthony Lynch , a native of Ballyvourney and a player on the local football team also plays for the Cork Senior Football team .
In February 1998 , Sky signed a major-label record deal with EMI Music Canada .
Tarmvred recorded much of Viva 6581 using a MOS 6581 sound chip , featured in early-80 's computers such as the Commodore 64.
During Dominican Parades you will find the streets littered with Brugal bottles and Banana Peels .
Only the Brain survived , and Caulder planned on putting his brain in a robot body .
A hole is bored in one or both of the objects and the Dowel is inserted into the hole .
An Armlock that hyperflexes or hyperrotates the shoulder joint is referred to as a shoulder lock , and an armlock that hyperextends the elbow joint is called an armbar .
Famous Moroccan writer Tahar Ben Jelloun has written This Blinding Absence of Light , based on the experiences of one Tazmamart prisoner .
Kamsa was told in a prophecy that the eighth son of Devaki would kill him , so he imprisoned both Devaki and her husband , Vasudeva and allowed them to live only under the condition that all their children would be handed over to him , as soon as they were born .
While the contours of the Makhzen are vague , the government itself is not part of it , on the contrary Makhzen often acts as a shadow government which only reports to the king , bypassing the prime minister .
The Adventure was described as a " Dungeon Masters Kit " rather than a " module " or an " adventure . " Also in 1976 , the adventure Lost Caverns of Tsojconth was distributed by Metro Detroit Gamers as the tournament module for the gaming convention Wintercon V , but was not published for general distribution at the time .
The three square faces of the Tetrahemihexahedron are , like the three facial orientations of the cube , mutually perpendicular .
His best known role is as the straight man in the comedic duo " Viruta y Capulina " .
The Vesle rises at an altitude of about 187 metres , on the dip slope of the Upper Cretaceous chalk , near the village of Somme-Vesle , east of Chlons-en-Champagne .
A collection of recipes collected by Curnonsky from restaurants .
Unlike the MAC-10 , the BXP has an ambidextrous safety lever and a separate fire mode selector built into the trigger .
Historicism became a significant feature in the Protestant-Catholic conflicts of the Reformation .
Protothreads function as stackless , lightweight threads providing a blocking context cheaply using only two bytes per protothread .
He worked as a Supernumerary officer in 1761.
WalkSAT and GSAT differ in the methods used to select the variable to flip .
He had the same to say about Shalini , who was also in a relationship with another actor Ajit , during the period Alaipayuthey was being shot , and got married to him after the movie .
A coach bolt ( see carriage bolt ) is fitted through the middle and adjusted so that the Gripe will fit onto the land ( the joint between the adjacent strakes ) while admitting the point of a wedge between the free ends of the two parts of the gripe .
The people who work in the Foundry making molds and pouring castings traditionally worked moving sand extensively , and thus were affectionately called sandrats .
The album sleeve shows the members of the band dressed up as 10 of the most powerful world leaders of the time ( L-R Yasser Arafat , Rajiv Gandhi , Pope John Paul II , Mikhael Gorbachev , Margaret Thatcher , George H. W. Bush , Fidel Castro , Muammar al-Gaddafi , Benazir Bhutto , Joshua Nkomo ) Despite the album 's American-friendly sound and the moderate success of " Sweet Smell of Success " in America ( reaching #5 on the Modern Rock Chart ) , it failed to chart their and the band were not given an American tour .
The band was never particularly successful in the United States , although Family did achieve recognition in the United Kingdom , appearing at several festivals .
Akbars policy of pacification and reconciliation had its desired effect and we find the Gakhars leading a peaceful and uneventful life during the major part of the Mughal rule .
The DarkMatter Arms and Equipment Guide provided a more detailed list of equipment appropriate to the setting .
When a pipe is broken , the process writing to it is sent the SIGPIPE signal .
In order to protect these species , the Outeniqua Nature Reserve was established .
Matt Cale , a reviewer for Ruthlessreviews . com , said : " Based on my initial , purely gut reaction , Onibaba is a visual masterpiece , but also the sort of story that contains layer after layer of insight . I wouldnt argue that I understood everything after one viewing , but Im so intrigued that I want to read more reviews , scan a few clips , and even revisit the film in its entirety . Its the sort of film made for contemplation ; so mysterious and so blissfully unconcerned with immediate gratification that I have no doubt it will begin the slow climb up the list of films near and dear to my heart . " Members of Variety opened their review with : " Raw fare is sometimes high adventure and exciting , at other times dull in its so-called symbolism . Too often , it turns out to be a pot-pourri of ravenous eating and blatant sex " , referring to the films violence and sexual overtones .
More recently , Murukku has become available in North America , and is made by several manufacturers in the United States .
XL will not require a virtual machine to run .
A 2007 article for the Scottsdale Times in Arizona covered similar ground including the issues of Neuticles , lavish spending on posh pet wardrobes , heated dog bowls and other creature comforts .
A horticulturist may be a plantsman , but a Plantsman is not necessarily a horticulturist .
He befriends the main character , an urchin named Thomas and reveals that he is a messenger from God ( called Riathamus here ) , and that Demurral is a Shadowmancer , a sorcerer who can control the dead .
On the Castello map ( 1660 , illustration ) Whitehall , with its white roof , stands on a jutting piece of land at Manhattan 's tip , facing along the waterfront strand that extends along the East River .
It shares the goals of the other Reprieve organizations .
In 1976 Bolan and T.Rex released their penultimate album , Futuristic Dragon , which was better received , with a schizophrenic production style veering from Wall of Sound style songs to nostalgic nods to the old T. Rex boogie machine , but still only managed to reach #50 .
Otto Sverdrups fourth and last expedition in Arctic Siberian waters was in 1921 , when , from the bridge of the Soviet Icebreaker Lenin , he commanded a convoy of five cargo ships on an experimental run through the Kara Sea to the mouths of the Ob and Yenisei .
On the 14th December 2007 , in association with Jo Whiley and her BBC Radio 1 Live Lounge Tour , the Stereophonics returned back to their home village of Cwmaman to play an exclusive acoustic gig in the Cwmaman Working Men 's Club , the venue where the band first performed .
Buddha .
CarMax ( NYSE : KMX ) reported sharply lower first quarter earnings of 13 cents per share compared with 30 cents per share last year prompting the used car retailer to suspend its full year earnings and sales guidance .
, In October 24 , 2005 , the AutoNation building in downtown Fort Lauderdale suffered significant damage due to Hurricane Wilma .
It can also refer to a specialised firm such as a Boutique investment bank or boutique law firm .
In 1972 , when the segmenting of bavarian districts was reformed , the district of Tirschenreuth was expanded with the former district of Kemnath .
Drax , a character bearing a " Z " symbol similar to Superman 's " S " who mentions his parents throughout the episode ( leading to speculation that Zod and Ursa are Drax 's parents ) .
Megatron decimated the Terrorcon invasion , and Thrust attempted to ingratiate himself with his bemused former leader .
The key difference is that The Carver offered his victims no choice ; he both cut and raped them .
Freeing a W'rkncacnter is possible , but very difficult ( given the nature of their prisons ) .
At the early roots of Pedology as a separate study was G. Stanley Hall , who was also instrumental in the development of modern educational psychology .
In the mid-1980s MarkAir and Alaska Airlines entered into a codesharing agreement with MarkAir operating as Alaska Airlines to the communites of Dillingham , Dutch Harbor , Barrow , Aniak , St. Mary 's and Alaska Airlines feeding MarkAir from its routes from Seattle and other " lower 48 " destinations .
The Giralda has no stairs ; instead , 34 ramps are used to ascend the tower .
The Northern Kamilaroi people have a strong cultural connection with the Bigambul People and the tribes met regularly for joint ceremonies at Boobera Lagoon near the present day town of Goondiwindi .
The retail ADSL offering from its own Internet service provider ( ISP ) , Xtra , is now more commonly referred to by the company as Xtra Broadband , though the JetStream brand is still in use .
Eurofor was formed in 1995 , and was answerable to the Western European Union ( WEU ) directly .
Logical thinking , strategy and tactical problem solving are part of the XOR experience .
Liebeswalzer ( 1985 ) # Psycho # Berliner Frhling ( Berlin Spring ) # Die Ferne ( The Distance or Far Away ) # Die alten Mnner ( The Old Men ) # Am Sonntag ( On Sundays ) # Liebeswalzer ( fr H. F. ) ( Waltz of Love ( dedicated to H. F. ) ) # Nester der Nacht ( Nests of the Nght ) # So 'ne kleine Frau ( Such a Little Woman ) # Groer Trumer ( Big Dreamer ) Liebeswalzer ( 1990 re-release ) Tracks 10 - 12 taken from the unreleased original album Zwischen unbefahr'nen Gleisen and never released before .
Some Linklog software , like Linkwalla , can also be for creating a conventional blog .
Opening in this involucrum allow debris and exudates ( including pus ) to pass from the Sequestrum via sinus tracts to the skin .
AudioTron can stream digital music files from personal computers or NAS devices without the need to install server software on these storage devices since the Audiotron is based on Windows CE and is therefore a computer that looks like audio hardware .
In Urdu it is associated with the moon ( aks-e-Maha - " Shadow of moon " ) .
About 75,000 motor vehicles and a large number cyclists , mopeds and pedestrians use the tunnel daily , making the Maastunnel an important part of Rotterdam 's road network .
COC boardmembers from 1995 formed the board of Hoezo/ Expreszo and COC Netherlands started funding the magazine from 1995 until 2001.
Here , the Fouling rate decreases with time , until it finally reaches zero .
Zima directly means " winter " in Croatian , Bosnian , Polish , Czech , Macedonian , Serbian , Slovak , and Slovene and in transliteration from Bulgarian , Belarusian and Russian languages ; the name is also reminiscent of zymurgy , the science of fermentation , or brew-making .
Accepting the offer , Washout underwent a process that enhanced his mutant ability to the point where Washout had the ability to transform his body into water , project high pressure jets of water from his arms , shape the water into any form , and even manipulate or siphon off the water within another person 's body .
The channels cater to a wide variety of program genres , including game shows , news , serials , live TV chat , music video shows and reality shows . Asianet is the leading television network in malayalam , taking 60 % of total viewership .
The Aduatuci sent troops to assist the Nervii or Nervians in the Battle of the Sabis , and were later defeated by the Romans after withdrawing to a fortified Aduatuci city .
Since the Tharavadu had a name of its own , it invested the members with a sense of responsibility to conduct themselves in a manner befitting the traditions .
Gresford church as it stands now dates to 1492 and is a large and very well-built building considering the size of what the population would have been in the present day boundaries of the parish .
If the Axolemma is damaged , it becomes unable to perform its vital role of maintaining the concentration gradient of ions on the outside of the cell .
In humans , a mutation within the AnkB gene results in the long QT syndrome and sudden death , strengthening the evidence for a role for the Spectrin cytoskeleton in excitable tissue .
The Majorization partial order on finite sets can be generalized to the Lorenz ordering , a partial order on distribution functions .
Click was released in North America on June 23 , 2006 by both Columbia Pictures and Revolution Studios .
Over time , the Buttery became a general food storeroom , and in particular the larders of Oxbridge colleges where students would purchase food and drink .
As the teaching of Latin at the secondary school level declines in the Commonwealth , the practice of Quis-ego may disappear , although it was still widespread in the late 1980s and early 1990s in schools where Latin was part of the curriculum , and use in the 21st Century has been recorded .
In 1960 however , the district of Sargodha was created and Shahpur became one of its Tehsils During their rule the British had a regular census of their Indian empire , recording amongst other things religion and caste , the following table lists the percentage of the population belonging to each faith .
Image : Historia-rbol-del-Tule-Oaxaca-Mexico . jpg|Signboard at Santa Mara del Tule , Oaxaca , Mexico .
Tigernn Ua Ruairc had three children , Melaghlin ( d.1162 ) , Aed , described as crown prince of Breifne , killed by the Anglo-Normans ( d.1171 ) and Dowchawley ( d.1171 ) , wife to Ruaidri Ua Conchobair , high king of Ireland , but whether or not Derbforgaill was their mother is less certain .
Hitler was at the Felsennest in the autumn of 1939 , because there were plans to invade France and the Low Countries .
Other historical characters named Jesus include Jesus ben Ananias and Jesus ben Sirach .
The size of a Washitsu is measured by the number of tatami mats , using the counter word j (  ) .
Demonax was born c.
The first season recounts the early adventures of Kryptonian Clark Kent as he adjusts to life in the fictional town of Smallville , Kansas , during his teenage years before he becomes Superman .
Viscontis meticulous realism gives a bright picture of court life in the nineteenth-century Bavaria and shows with impressive dramatic pathos how a dreamy romantic idealist as Ludwig succumbs to the strenuous and urgent demands of his responsibilities as king .
In the case of Cahors , this happened in 1883-1885 .
The gang gained some international prominence in early 2005 , when it was revealed that the Urayasu-based cleaning company contracted to Tokyo Disney Resort was run by a member of the Matsuba-kai , Saburo Shiga (   ) .
This changed in August 2005 , when in a surprise move , the Kokusui-kai withdrew from the Kant alliance and became an affiliate of the Yamaguchi-gumi .
The primary difference between the Filipino version and other versions of the weapon is that the Tabak-Toyok tends to have shorter handles as well as a longer chain .
A high Mount can be used to pin one of the opponents arms under the knee , so as to prevent him or her from defending effectively .
At the end of the year , BMW revoked the use of their engines due to the bad PR the team and its owner generated , and Schmidt folded the ATS team as well as leaving the ATS company .
Code for the Shrak monster itself was a bit tricky .
There is also a lesser known male version of Egg , called MensEGG .
Mirrorball is available as an " extra " on the DVD edition of Absolutely Fabulous series 4.
Posadis is part of a suite which includes graphical configuration and zone file management programs .
The Bulava design is based on the SS-27 ( Topol M ) , but is both lighter and more sophisticated .
Makimono were taken to scenic places to enjoy them in a beautiful surrounding , and stored away when home .
The Gaindhu , Gaindha , Gaindhal and Gandhar gotras are also found amongst the Muslim Jats of Punjab ( Pakistan ) .
The species Oxymitra paleacea Bisch .
Ardingly station was opened 1 october 1864 by LBSCR .
The M32R has been used in Engine Control Units , digital cameras , PDAs .
We hear no more about the Chali as such in history , but their name can probably be connected with the Chalusus river ( ibid . ) , tentatively identified as the Trave .
Interestingly ( as the above lists mentioned ) , Hero airs programs which Animax also airs in some of its channels outside Southeast Asia , e. g.
Lead Highlander : The Series actor Adrian Paul explains , " The Quickening is the receiving of all the power and knowledge another immortal has obtained throughout his/ her life . It is like the receiving of a sacrament or a massive orgasm . " The producers describe it so : " The power of the Quickening is the equivalent to a major electrical storm hitting -- windows explode , lights short circuit , it is almost as if the victorious Immortal is in the center of a lightning storm . " This energy is absorbed by the Immortal who did the beheading .
In 1985 , the Ichiwa-kai faction sent a team of hitmen to assassinate Takenaka at his mistress 's home in Suita , Osaka .
The Ma'abarot were meant to provide accommodation for the large influx of new ! Olim ( Jewish immigrants ) arriving in the newly independent state of Israel .
Throughout the series , Falcomon gains the ability to Digivolve into a number of more powerful forms , each with a different name and special attack .
It looked as if Fandango would be disbanding , and not by choice .
Dump can back up a file system to a tape or another disk .
Kumbanad has been included as one of the new stations in the draft plan for the Tiruvalla - Sabarimala railway line .
A Free Scholar could not be accredited as a Provost until he had studied under a registered Master for seven years ( though this time requirement was occasionally shortened ) .
After 1953 , there was competition to the Trans-Oceanic from both Hallicrafters , with their 'Trans-World ' series sets , and RCA , with their 'Strato-World ' models .
New information on the skull of Zuniceratops christopheri , a neoceratopsian dinosaur from the Cretaceous Moreno Hill Formation , New Mexico .
The Ur-grue character in Beyond Zork may be a reference to Brian Moriarty himself , the creator of the game , who is notably absent from the game 's portrayal of an " Implementors ' Luncheon " , where each Implementor is recognizably based on a member of the Infocom staff .
Penybont Road connects the Cwm Tillery area with the town of Abertillery .
Cubeb is mentioned in alchemical writings by its Arabic name .
The P-90 was then used on more budget models such as the ES-330 , the Les Paul Junior and Special , and the SG Special , such as those used by Pete Townshend .
Movies rented from the company " will contain no nudity , no graphic violence , and no sexual content . " Former customers ' accounts have been retained in the CleanFlicks database , allowing those customers as well as the general public to resume their patronage of CleanFlicks using a " movies-out-at-a-time " tiered structure as before .
Kosjeri has attracted many people from central Serbia for its famed " Shepard festival " which is held every July .
As a holographic He-Man robot built by Man-At-Arms is deactivated , it briefly flashes the Faker colors before collapsing , intended by the director as a subtle hint that the robot would be resurrected in the show 's later stages as Faker .
John Byrne 's Elasti-Girl could change the size of objects and people by touching them ; when she releases them they revert to their normal size .
The first edition consisted of three products : Starfire ( 1979 ) , Starfire II ( 1980 ) , and ! Starfire III : Empires ( 1980 ) ; the first two by Stephen V Cole , the last one by the notable military science fiction writer David Weber .
The concept has received increasing attention in Japan , with a Tsundere cafe opened in Akihabara and tsundere-themed products released ( like Tomy Co. 's portable television set ) , and the concept increasingly reflected in recent anime , from an extended discussion of the meaning of the concept and its origin on the internet in Lucky Stars Lucky Channel segment to merchandise for The Melancholy of Haruhi Suzumiya classifiying the characters according to tsundere-ness .
Most government officials in South Asia wear the formal black Sherwani on state occasions , which in India is closely associated with the nation 's first Prime Minister , Jawaharlal Nehru .
When a Jew calls another Jew a Shegetz , it is often in condemnation of behavior or a lifestyle the speaker does not consider Jewish enough .
Another page , entitled " Theomatics Debunked " , criticizes theomatics from an atheist perspective .
A popular Levada to hike is the Levada do Caldeiro Verde which continues as the Levada Caldeiro do Inferno .
The Tibetan translation of Charyapada provided us some additional information .
Social status is extremely important to the Tsurani culture and there are many fine divisions of these class distinctions .
Where FTTP and Fiber To The Home ( FTTH ) are focused upon the physical delivery medium of " fiber " optic cables , ETTH envisioned a more generalized solution for evolving the carrier networks from a circuit switched model to an entirely packet switched model using Ethernet as opposed to ATM and other competing standards .
Ajman is also home to Arab Heavy Industries , one of the world 's largest ship manufacturing firms .
Some of the pottery is thin-walled pottery with Zia bird symbols .
Visitors who have contributed to Pallikoodam included Sanjana Kapoor and the ! Prithvi Players , Jaan Freeman , Atul Kumar , Phyllis Bose and Anila Malkani .
It is also believed that by the Xia dynasty the Se already came into being .
The most important was Cyrene and its port Apollonia , Ptolemais ( the next capital after Cyrene 's destruction by an earthquake ) , Barca ( the later Arab provincial capital Barka ) and Berenice ( modern Benghazi ) ; also known as the 'Pentapolis inferior ( 'lower P. ' ) .
One problem caused by the use of a Starling is the build up of river debris , mud and other foreign objects against the starlings , potentially blocking the flow of the river .
Similarly , it may also be a standpipe , tube , vibrating wire Piezometer or manometer used to measure the pressure of a fluid at a specific location in a column .
Sibel has dedicated her second single " Make Believe " to the charity to prvide houses as Sibel herself , as a child , spent alot of time in hospotals and believes that what she lacked was a proximity with her family .
This is usually a sign of an inexperienced player who does not yet know what their Limits are .
An animal eligible for registration as a Brangus cattle is 5/ 8 Angus and 3/ 8 Brahman .
A Leglock which are directed at joints in the foot is sometimes referred to as a foot lock and a lock at the hip as a hip lock .
Its initial name , " Aquila " minuta Milne-Edwards , 1871 , is preoccupied by a junior synonym of the Booted Eagle , Aquila minuta Brehm , 1831.
BEOL generally begins when the first layer of metal is deposited on the wafer .
In Vantaa , Finland TET students normally have a 6 hour work day , with only one required lunch break , duration 30 minutes .
" Why do we 'fill ' something ? Because it 's empty , right ? Well , that 's why we play drum fills . " quote A Fill may be played by rock or pop instruments such as the electric guitar or bass , organ , or drums , or by other instruments such as strings or horns .
Following a collaboration with the University of California , Los Angeles , Arturia also received a certificate recognizing the part it played in the university 's Global Access Program .
This is n't a unique characteristic of Rtolap , since other OLAP systems ( e. g. Microsoft Analysis Services , MicroStrategy ) behave the same way .
For example , the main stress falls on the Penult in such English words as banna , and Mississppi .
8 , four armed men broke into the Pelindaba nuclear facility 18 miles west of Pretoria , a site where hundreds of kilograms of weapons-grade uranium are stored .
TPAP is expensive , but it can be used in catalytic amounts .
The Antepenult precedes the penult or second-to-last syllable which , in turn , precedes the ultimate or final syllable .
Xuanzang , the famous Chinese pilgrim , tells a quaint story of a Dhammapala of Kanchipura ( the modern Konjevaram ) .
It is said that one of the Chandel Rajput kings , named Bairsi had a son named Grewal from a Jat woman , from where the name started .
The investigation prompted the company to recall both SoftRAM and SoftRAM95 from the market in December 1995.
Despite resistance from the police about their involvement , Vincent and Beth go and see Knight in prison , who insists the real killer is still out there .
In the field of information security , no opinion is necessarily made of Untrusted software , which is generally permitted to run on a computer system , but with some protections .
Despite the widely-held perception of a City as a large , urban area , cities in New Jersey have a confused history as a form of government and vary in size from large , densely populated areas to much-smaller hamlets .
Ndiya stated the album would have more rock influence than her previous two albums .
Clickstream analysis is useful for Web activity analysis , software testing , market research , and for analyzing employee productivity .
Payara is restricted to the Rio Amazonas and its tributaries above the mouth of the Rio Tapajs .
First mention of Kozmice was in 1349.
" The Ostara pamphlets promoted an occult world view , based on a grotesque racial struggle , begun in a remote past . " Lanz named his magazine after the hypothetical goddess " Ostara " based on Bede 's statement that the Old English tribes named Easter after a goddess named Eostre .
In most plants the Epicotyl will eventually develop into the stem and the leaves of the plant .
ISBN 963-9116-31-9 Gutkeled clan .
The Masenqo requires considerable virtuosity .
" Primitive " Organisms such as salamanders can still produce Blastema when adult ; more developed organisms such as frogs ca n't .
Founder Mark Shuttleworth responded to this criticism that Launchpad needs paid-programmers to continue the development of the Launchpad platform and that there would be no point in developing multiple versions of Launchpad due to the probable incompatibility of the forks .
Norteo plays a lot of music by stor Piazzolla , as well as some of Provencher 's and Elliot 's compositions in his style : tango nuevo , which is a fusion of tango and jazz .
The Monandrous orchids form a clade consisting of the subfamilies Orchidoideae , Vanilloideae , and Epidendroideae .
The Plumcot has a very smooth dark red skin and is peach colored inside .
Optionally , Trattoria food may be bought in containers for taking home .
The Kontseju Zaharra fronton is located in the centre of Usurbil , next to the church .
$100 K-Kash notes were put in 100 -Zone magazines ( if readers found this they got $100 more K-Kash to their account ) .
Arachnocampa luminosa is found only in New Zealand .
The Walt Disney Company practices Moratorium more than any other production company , often with releases of classic animated movies in the Disney catalog .
He finds strength in both Candle and Trism , and although he hopes to make things work with either of them , the end finds both his lovers missing and Liir himself alone again .
The Kawaiisu lived in permanent winter villages of 60 to 100 people .
The adult male Snowcap is unmistakable .
The People 's Republic of China ( PRC ) ratified a " Direction for the Confiscation of Properties of War Criminals , Hanjian , Bureaucratic Capitalists and Anti-revolutionaries " .
Sideswipe loaned Optimus Prime the use of his rocket pack when the Decepticons nearly escaped from Earth with a starship full of energon .
The Professional Contractors Group claims 1462 wins to 6 losses in appeals for IR35 and S660A together , however this only applies to its own members and may not be typical of the wider picture .
For most citizens and guests the festival is the most important meeting point for former , existing or new friendships , or - as a pupil told the Bretten newspapers : For me the Peter-and-Paul-Festival is a festival of love .
Although there is no restriction from anyone using the CEBus standard , the CIC is developing a non-profit testing laboratory which will be funded by certification charges .
There are other activities associated with the story of Prahlad , but the burning of Holika is the one that we can most directly associate with Holi .
Carlin asked that his star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame be placed outside the KDAY studios .
Jatayu fought valiantly with Ravana , but as Jatayu was very old Ravana soon got the better of him .
Mslexia also run an annual Women 's Poetry Competition with a 1st prize of 1000 , the winners of which are published in the magazine .
OED gives the date of first known reference to a horse-drawn Gig as 1791.
The climate in Santurtzi is of the humid oceanic climate type .
On the market there are also a lot of very small ( few grams ) Imilac individuals called metal skeletons : they are severely weathered and lack olivine grains .
The Veleek could not be taken as a host so it was controlled by mutating it .
In the final battle between the Joes and Cobra-La , Destro is seen fighting , but it is not revealed how he escaped from the explosion that destroyed the rest of Cobra-La .
Recently the Boardwalk has helped facilitate the rise of local bands such as Arctic Monkeys , Bromheads Jacket , Milburn , Bring Me the Horizon , and Little Man Tate , with the former naming their first demo Beneath the Boardwalk .
Resen is also the home to the Saraj , a beautiful French-style castle built in the beginning of the 20 century by Ahmed Nyazi Bey .
The Town Act of 1895 allowed any municipality or area with a population exceeding 5,000 to become a Town through a petition and referendum process .
In January 2003 , Itera opened U. S.
In modern times , the Bouffant was popular in Western culture in the 1960s , when it was created with the help of back-combing and large amounts of hair spray .
This may boost the effectiveness of growth hormone , and thus Letrozole is used to treat adolescents and children with short stature .
The Quadratrix of Dinostratus ( also called the quadratrix of Hippias ) was well known to the ancient Greek geometers , and is mentioned by Proclus , who ascribes the invention of the curve to a contemporary of Socrates , probably Hippias of Elis .
It should be noted that in some appearances , his Hadouken dissipates at long range .
The English composer Elgar wrote a concert-overture called " In the South ( Alassio ) " whilst staying on holiday in Alassio in the winter of 1903/ 4.
The duration of Saros series 159 is 1298.1 years , and it will contain 73 lunar eclipses .
On June 14 , 2008 , Buzz rappelled down the 40 story Viewpoint lofts building in Midtown , Atlanta as part of a university fundraiser .
Praise disbanded some time after Praise was released ; Stockley , in particular , would go on to acclaim by performing the lead vocals in Karl Jenkins 's Adiemus albums .
According to Vitruvius ( iv.1 ) , for his great ingenuity and taste the Athenians dubbed Callimachus katatxitechnos ( literally , 'finding fault with one 's own craftmanship ' : perfectionist ) .
The papers merged to become the Bugle-Observer and today provide all of Carleton County with the latest news and events .
Subspace obeys different laws of physics .
Most of the main cast from the previous Sukisho games are visibly absent , including Sora and Sunao .
Microtis unifolia seems to have three different groups in New Zealand with different geographical ranges , habitats and flowering times .
Frog-Man had a tendency to capture villains simply by dumb luck .
The obvious achievement of the political reform of Binzhou is widely reported in the domestic Chinese media , as well as many overseas Chinese media , such as Zhong Guo Daily News in Southern California , or its more commonly known Chinese name among local Chinese readers , China Daily ( Not to be confused China Daily , the official English publication of Chinese government ) , and is termed by both domestic and overseas scholars as a good example for governments in other parts of China to follow , and along with Chinese media , they have urged authorities to slowly but steadily expand the reform to a greater scale .
Little is left of pre-war Arapgir , but there are still some old houses that have survived , which are Armenian origin .
Fludarabine is associated with the development of severe autoimmune hemolytic anemia in a proportion of patients .
Saldanha , now urgently required as a relief harbor , at last became a priority .
On May 29 , 2007 , COPS 2.0 premiered on G4 , featuring repeats of episodes with trivia , expert commentary , live web-enabled chat and facts about the law enforcement officers featured in each program .
The type species , Amygdalodon patagonicus , was described by Cabrera in Argentina in 1947.
South Park characters Religion in South Park DEFAULTSORT : Satan .
Musically , Lucybell cite bands such as Cocteau Twins , The Cure and My Bloody Valentine as their major influences .
While the authority of a Figurehead is generally symbolic , respect and access to high levels of government can give them significant influence on some events .
At the beginning of 1990s , Three investigators and TKKG were basically all Europa produced .
For about two years , AM 970 billed itself WMCA II all the time except for the hourly legal ID ( WWDJ , Hackensack ) .
WADO serves New York City and is owned by Univision .
While it was not required to sell WZRC it opted to anyhow and sold the station in 1998 to Multicultural Media .
The Globe and Mail called Ysabel " a spendid addition to ( Kay 's ) body of work " , praising the novel 's well-developed characters , interweaving of myth and believable relationships , and " breathless realism " .
It is also the most expensive ZoneAlarm product .
Brokered shows were the only source of substantial income for WNSW but it was not enough to keep the station profitable after a while .
The Clydesdale constituency covers an eastern portion of the South Lanarkshire area , and has boundaries with the East Kilbride and Hamilton South constituencies .
Count Floyd 's POD-bot is restricted to Windows-based systems , and Counter-Strike is the only mod on which it functions .
The Leadman takes directions from the set decorator .
The Palm Z22 features Palm OS Garnet 5.4 and a 200 MHz processor .
As the company considered the LifeDrive to be a separate category , this made the TX Palm 's top-of-the-line PDA .
In England the business of an Appraiser is usually combined with that of an auctioneer , while the word itself has a similar meaning to that of " valuer . " ( See Auction , Valuation ( finance ) . ) In the United States , the most common usage relates to real estate appraisals , while the term is often used to describe a person specially appointed by a judicial or quasi-judicial authority to put a valuation on property , e. g.
" SpeedScript 128 " .
" Simple Apprehension or conception can neither be true nor false . " This distinction provides for the large class of mental acts in which we are simply aware of , or " take in " a number of familiar objects , about which we in general make no judgment , unless our attention is suddenly called by a new feature .
Most of the businesses and industries located along the road linking Sitiawan , Seri ! anjung , Lumut and Ayer Tawar .
He lost most of his family in October 2005 Balakot earthquake .
In particular , -Tocotrienol appears to act on a specific enzyme called 3-hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl-coenzyme and suppressed the production of this enzyme , which results in less cholesterol being manufactured by liver cells .
Eurostile is also used on most FIA GT cars for the car numbers .
It owes its present name to an unproven identification of the site with the ancient Volscian Artena , destroyed in 404 BC .
A Ferrate can be formed by oxidizing iron with strong oxidizing agents under alkaline conditions or in the solid state by heating a mixture of iron filings and powdered potassium nitrate , but it is unstable , especially at neutral to acid pH .
Andr 3000 's single is " Idlewild Blue ( Don'tchu Worry 'Bout Me ) . " It delves into the blues genre , complete with a blues-style acoustic guitar riff and a harmonica element reminiscent of Aquemini single " Rosa Parks " .
When Joel Fleischman 's truck breaks down in the wilderness , Adam reluctantly comes to his aid , bringing Joel to his secret cabin .
This is because berries are round , like a Diplococcus , and diplococci come in pairs of two .
WIND was designed and manufactured by Martin Marietta Astro Space Division in East Windsor , New Jersey .
Ida nadi controls all the mental processes while pingala nadi controls all the vital processes .
Pingala has a sunlike nature and male energy .
KOCB also airs college basketball games from the Big 12 Conference via ESPN Plus , airing up to ten regular season games per year as well as the Big 12 Tournament .
After the pirate-activities became legally impossible ( 31 august 1974 ) , Veronica transformed itself into the Veronica Association , enabling it to gain a legal radio and television license within the Public broadcasting system .
Again , these units of measure are not dimensionally correct in the true sense of nergy density as defined in physics .
The reason is that the Italian Laurea included high-level courses and thesis work which normally were sufficient to prepare for a career in research and academia .
Crypsis is usually most effective when an animal is still .
In 1526 , the Auerhammer ( ironworks ) , later called Eisenwerk and now a constituent community of Aue , had its first documentary mention .
However , the centre of Sopelana is full of smaller shops with a wide variety of goods .
Slavmyth Sadko .
Togusa has discussed undergoing full cyberisation with his family , in order to enhance his abilities for Section 9.
In Kumher , 19 % of the population is under 6 years of age .
The Rendille believe that they belong in the desert not by mistake but because its their " promised land " .
A Fluent can also be represented by a function , dropping the time argument .
The Pefletti come in both disposable and re-usable varieties .
ISATAP is a more complex alternative to 6over4 which does not rely on IPv4 multicast .
Banaroo released their debut single " Dubi Dam Dam " in several countries on June 5 and 6 , 2005.
The Blur first appeared in Supreme Power #1 ( October 2003 ) and was created by J. Michael Straczynski .
This region , which is also considered to be part of the Flint/ Tri-Cities area , includes much of Bay County , Saginaw County , and Midland County .
The Moray Westminster constituency has covered the whole of the council area since 2005.
In Lunglei , 14 % of the population is under 6 years of age .
Smeg also sell products to third parties , such as dishwashers to MFI which are in turn sold under the Diplomat brand name .
Although not named as such by literary critics , many writers , comedians , and poets have made use of the Anti-clich to provide a memorable and often ironic phrase , line , or passage .
In an extreme Frontbend , some contortionists can place the backs of their knees behind their shoulders .
Christabel goes in the woods to pray to the large Oak tree , where she hears a strange noise .
Along its length the Siegesallee cut across the Charlottenburger Chausee ( today 's ! Strae des 17. Juni , the main avenue that runs east-west through the park and leads to the Brandenburg Gate ) .
It is unknown exactly which lenses Tamron will introduce into their Four Thirds line-up , however it is believed they will follow a similar route to rival lens manufacturer Sigma , by releasing only a small selection of lenses in the initial line-up .
Garbahaarreey in the last thirty years has seen close to dozen governors as compiled by Mohamud Dahir Dhaqane .
As in many freshwater protozoans , the Stentor has a contractile vacuole .
Most particles enter the alorimeter and initiate a particle shower and the particles ' energy is deposited in the calorimeter , collected , and measured .
In the meantime Bro'Sis finished a short club tour and appeared as a supporting act on O-Town 's blitz tour .
The most common form of BEAM Walker is the master slave Bicore , this uses two suspended Bicore arrangements .
When Eumenes , after escaping from Nora , joined the Argyraspids in Cilicia , Antigenes and Teutamus at first , in obedience to the orders of the regent Polyperchon and Olympias , placed themselves under his command but they secretly regarded him with jealousy , and Teutamus even listened to the overtures of Ptolemy , and would have joined in a plot against the life of Eumenes , had he not been dissuaded by his more prudent colleague .
In 2001 , a Cruzados compilation album was released called Unreleased Early Recordings .
The rider then whips the frame as he would normally with a Tailwhip , but instead of keeping his legs sucked into his body , he puts one foot down in a footplant .
Brakel in eastern Westphalia also has an Annafest with a fair .
Thus Guann could well be a manganese bronze .
The canonical 1970s Beauf by Cabu wore a mustache , but the newer versions wear a " cool " ponytail .
The KISW Duck is probably best known for being the victim of a police beating that happened at a Richard Pryor show in 1979 outside the Paramount Theater in Seattle .
Nekra easily battled and defeated all of the Loners and precedes to strangle Mickey , when she is struck from behind by a mysterious lady named " Namie " .
KUMU includes exhibition halls , an auditorium that offers diverse possibilities , and an education centre for children and art lovers .
At Havok 's command , Tracer works as an assassin-for-hire for government officials , gaining valuable information on them for his master .
In the final stages of war , it was intended that the Tonarigumi form a secondary militia , in the case of enemy invasion .
In 1984 Choszczno celebrated 700 years since its foundation .
Mirabehn during her stay in India once went to Gurukul Kangri to learn Hindi .
Molecular and morphological results suggest that the inclusion of the Anomaluridae and Pedetidae in Hystricomorpha may be suspect .
Psalty leads the audience in further praise songs , which eventually drives Risky Rat ( lurking about in the wings ) away .
They released the show on CD , titled Dada Live : Official Bootleg Vol 1.
The point opposite the Nadir is the zenith .
In the nineteenth century , feudalism was abolished and Modica became a " bourgeois " town peopled by notables such as the writer and anthropologist Serafino Amabile Guastella , the agronomist Clemente Grimaldi , the musician Pietro Floridia and many painters , historians and other intellectuals .
He soon discovers that the girl , Suzuka Asahina , is one of the occupants of his aunt 's apartment and that they happen to live next door to each other .
The characteristics of Simit ( size , crunchiness/ chewiness , etc. ) tend to vary by region .
The existing Corps of Rurales was incorporated into the Republican Army and irregular forces opposing the French intervention of 1861-65 .
In the ternary diagram , uperloy is situated close to the eutectic point .
MySQL uses a . frm file to store the definition of the table , but this file is not a part of the MyISAM engine , but instead is a part of the server .
Although after " Porque te vas " Jeanette never achieved similar international success , she continued singing relatively successfully in Spain ( and to a lesser degree France ) well into the 1990s .
The consumption of Azodicarbonamide may also heighten an allergic reaction to other ingredients in a food .
Atul Vallabh Benke , next to the throne 's own identity , has been providing impetus to the sports culture in the Junnar district and also looks up to to his father , Shri .
navarre-geo-stub coor title dm Berbinzana .
Kurara has an average literacy rate of 61 % , higher than the national average of 59.5 % : male literacy is 70 % , and female literacy is 50 % .
William the Conqueror gave Pleshey , in the parish of High Easter ( southwest of Braintree ) to Geoffrey de Mandeville in appreciation of his services ; Mandeville was one of William 's battle commanders at the Battle of Hastings in 1066.
In Populous and Populous II , much emphasis was spent on flattening the terrain .
Some high bypass ratio ( e. g. civil ) turbofans now feature a Mixer , the advantage being a small thrust gain , which improves specific fuel consumption .
A person with Monoplegia can be referred to as a monoplegic .
Camless engines would not only be more efficient in terms of mechanical energy , they would also be more flexible , as the valves could be computer-controlled and free up more power to the wheels .
The Deng are described as being spider-like in appearance , with eight legs and bodies similar in size to medium sized dogs .
Depending on the model of Bolo being engaged , the Yavac Heavies are usually not able to fight in parity with a Bolo XX or later tank .
Amcal 's marketing is managed by the owner of Amcal New Zealand , Pharmacybrands , a division of Australian Pharmaceutical Industries .
On a disk that uses 512-byte sectors , a 512-byte Cluster contains one sector , whereas a 4-kilobyte ( kB ) cluster contains eight sectors .
This was done to erase the problem of having some of the most useful software on the Edubuntu Add-On CD .
The outfit is designed to look like a gentleman 's 18th century riding habit , and often includes a whip , a relic of when the Ringmaster was the head of an equestrian act .
The High Treason Incident of 1910 was the stimulus for the establishment of the Tokk under the aegis of the Home Ministry .
More commonly , the additions during the Redaction simply involve the addition of a framing story , such as the tale of Scheherazade which frames the collection of folk tales in The Book of One Thousand and One Nights .
( To aid gluten production , many recipes use bread flour , which is higher in protein than all-purpose flour . ) The Kneading process warms and stretches these gluten strands , eventually creating a springy and elastic dough .
Encyclia tampensis ( Lindl . ) Small , is the common " Butterfly Orchid " of peninsular Florida .
the place could be selected fraudulently to validate an otherwise invalid contract ; it might lead to the application of laws with no real connection with the transaction itself , say , because the parties signed the agreement while on holiday ; or it might have been difficult to decide where the Contract was made , e. g.
Hours for a Stagehand can start in the early morning and can end late at night or just the opposite .
Misumenops .
As the main controller , AJILE links pages with external scripts that define the page 's behavior and data models .
During conjugation , the Macronucleus disingtegrates , and a new macronucleus is formed by karyogamy of the micronuclei .
An example Vingle would be Hexstatic 's Timber .
In early use , the term was applied specifically to Homberg 's Pyrophorus , a substance made by heating alum with lampblack , flour , starch , or sugar .
This has been disputed , however , most notably by Arnold and Loftus ( 1991 ) who have noted the Santonin content would have been insufficient to cause xanthopsia .
An example Sarmentose is the strawberry .
Over the centuries the sanskrit manuscript of the Vajrasamadhi-sutra has vanished and today , most people deny that the sutra was spoken by the buddha , believing it to have been the work of East Asian hands ( Vide Robert E. Buswell , " Cultivating Original Enlightenment : Wonhyo 's Exposition of the 'Vajrasamadhi-Sutra ' , U. of Hawaii Press , 2007 ; as well as Buswell 's , " The Formation of Ch'an Ideology in China and Korea : The 'Vajrasamadhi-Sutra ' , a Buddhist Apocryphon , " Princeton U. Press , 1989 ) . In the vajrasamadhi-sutra , the Buddha lectures to an assembly of bodhisattvas , shravakas , arhats and all the various classes of beings which exist in the universe , on the subtlest doctrines concerning existence , nonexistence and perfect enlightenment . The overall tone of the sutra is of repentance in order to purify karma and become a perfect buddha . The leading intercolutors in the sutra are shravaka ananda , bodhisattva kshitigarbha , arhat shariputra and the bodhisattva cittaraja ( mind-king ) . .
On October 4 , 2005 , Upcoming.org was acquired by Yahoo ! .
It should not be confused with the Trisectrix of Maclaurin which has a different angle trisection property .
The type specimen is Phaeoceros laevis .
A typical size of surface Casing is 13 " . Intermediate casing may be necessary on longer drilling intervals where necessary drilling mud weight to prevent blowouts may cause a hydrostatic pressure that can fracture deeper formations . Casing placement is selected so that the hydrostatic pressure of the drilling fluid remains between formation pore and fracture pressures . The final interval is either production casing . As with the casing intervals described above , the production casing string extends to the surface where it is hung off . As the smallest casing , it will former the outer boundary of the 'A ' annulus , which may involve it being used for gas lift and well kills . A typical size is 9 " .
With larger groups , two or sometimes even three Pyramid card decks may be combined .
Their official website states " with an understanding of how to compile , graph and compare statistics , the Scientologist is amply equipped to determine exactly what condition an activity is in , and thus exactly what steps he must take in order to better that condition . " Hubbard stated that all Scientology organizations need to keep their statistics of production up , and that Ethics action must be brought against the staff member responsible for the particular statistic should it be continually down .
Shahad is home to large industrial complexes , such as the one owned by Century Rayon which was built by the Birla family .
Shaman King Matamune .
Liqui also has coffee plantations and some minerals such as gold .
Lepiel is situated at about coor dm and its population in the 1998 census was 19,400 .
Fril has predicates for fuzzy set operations ( but does not directly support control through fuzzy logic ) .
The known Evatt Family Tree begins with the William Walter Euote referenced above .
Since installing the caching system , Exetel has ceased deprioritising P2P .
As a result , the Old Town section of Kstrin enclosed by its walls was completely destroyed and has not been rebuilt .
Poo-Chi sang and danced to songs such as 'The Wedding March ' and 'When the Saints Come Marching In ' .
On the 2CD EKO : The Telekon 06 Audio Programme ( sold at the 2006 Telekon gigs and from Numan 's website ) , Numan discusses ( with interviewer Steve Malins ) the making of Telekon , revealing that it is his favourite of his " early albums . " Numan has also promised fans a DVD release of the Micromusic video .
It was supposed to represent an upgrade to Override after the end of the television series .
It is named after the Yavari Rivers located in the Loreto Region of Peru , bordering the Amazonas State ( Brazil ) .
The framers of the Alaska Constitution created the Borough system to avoid perceived deficiencies of Lower 48 local government .
Ramjet came with 2 missiles and a wing which turned into a sword .
When Sicily became subject to Aragonese rule in 1282 , following the Sicilian Vespers , the Zacco family arrived with King Peter I , various branches of the family were soon established in the principal cities of Sicily - Palermo , Modica , Lentini and Siracusa .
It is the qualities of universality and permanence that distinguish Status from consensual relationships such as employment and agency .
Ana began as a fork of an early version of IDL , but has diverged significantly since then .
There are two phases to play , the Poker phase and the Rummoli phase .
Still other countries ' versions of the show , including Mexico 's Atnale al Precio , Italy 's OK , il Prezzo  Giusto ! , France 's Le Juste Prix , and Vietnam 's Hy chn gi ng , have done their best to emulate the American format of Plinko , with differences in the cash prizes offered being the only significant changes ( M$25,000 is the max in Mexico , 10,000,000 was the max in Italy , 100,000 was the max in France , and 10,000 diem ( 10,000,000 ) is the max in Vietnam ) ; perhaps most notably , the lowest value on Vietnam 's Plinko board is 200 diem ( 200,000 , only about US$13 ) , making it impossible to walk away from the game empty-handed .
seperabilis feed exclusively on Baccharis pilularis , B.
Komokiacea are mostly reported from deep sea environments , and are still poorly known .
Queen Games is also planning to release a multilingual game based on Wallenstein with a new theme .
However , in a later Uncanny X-Men storyline , Masque has been revealed to have developed a secondary mutation which now allows him to actually manipulate his own flesh and change his physical appearance , but he apparently still chooses to maintain his original form as his default state .
A grammarian Critolaus is mentioned in the Etymologicum Magnum .
Today the city live a great revolution with the return , ( after 13 years in the amateur league ) of his football team to the professional league in 2006 , the name of this is Club Provincial Curic Unido .
For instance , in Sophocles ' Oedipus Rex , the protagonist would be Oedipus , who is on stage in most acts , the Deuteragonist would be Jocasta ( Oedipus ' mother and wife ) , as well as the Shepherd and Messenger .
The Holikachuk have been neglected by anthropologists , resulting in little documentation ( both published and unpublished ) .
His cell phone rang and his ringtone was Thriller , causing all of the Zombies , including Seth Green , the 600,000,000 peso man , and the nerd to do the dance moves from the video , only to stop and continue chasing him when the ring stopped .
Offices of the Sector 5 mayorality exist in The Flower Market and in Rahova Market .
The language spoken on Matema Island is Pileni , which is a member of the Polynesian language family .
Performers wore flesh colored silk body stockings and a Dimity to give the illusion of modesty .
While there 's no clear benefit to local search placement from using HCard , this outlines reasons why it 's a good idea to incorporate .
Advanced Follow-the-leader movements may have Bzier curves .
Often Ilmater is found traveling with Tyr , to whom he is allied .
Lathander favours those who dispel the undead and aid others .
Instead , on or before February 17 , 2009 , which is the end of the digital TV conversion period for full-service stations , KTFQ-TV will be required to turn off its analog signal and turn on its digital signal ( called a " flash-cut " ) .
The Deathwatch are uniquely organized in that the Marines that make up the Deathwatch are drawn from many different Chapters .
The Reichsluftschutzbund maintained a system of paramilitary ranks similar to that of the Nazi Sturmabteilung ( SA ) .
Imake grew out of the X Window System and has been part of its distribution since Version 11.
The route starts at Central Avenue in West Molesey and runs through East Molesey , past Hampton Court Station and on to Kingston town centre where there are connections to buses throughout the local area .
This is thought to be a common transliteration due to the proximity in date between St Demetrios and St James day in Christian Calendars .
AAA made their US debut at the Otakon 2007 in Baltimore , USA .
The Dombes is characterized by an impervious surface consisting of boulder clay and other relics of glacial action .
A particularly attractive spot is Locronan , only a few kilometers from Douarnenez , which is a beautifully preserved Breton village with a number of interesting monuments .
" Gentleman " Chris Adams was among the first wrestlers to use the Superkick and was for years credited as its originator .
An Entryway usually has linoleum or tile flooring rather than carpet .
Duumviri iuri ( iure ) dicundo were the highest judicial magistrates in the cities of Italy and its provinces .
Thus , history remembered Kal-El , but not Kal-L ; Lee Travis ( the first Crimson Avenger ) became the new reality 's first costumed hero , now after being shown a vision of Kal-El 's future heroism before the start of his career ( keeping a Superman as the inspiration for Earth 's superheroes in the new reality as well ) .
Additionally , high Pre-order rates can be used to generate publicity to further increase sales .
The Bhatias of Northwestern India and Pakistan are also supposed to be descended from the Bhati Rajputs .
KV18 Ancient-Egypt-stub .
KV16 Ancient-Egypt-stub .
KV36 Ancient-Egypt-stub .
In both cases , the main difference between C3 and C5-convertase is the presence of C3b .
The station 's DJs on occasion pronounced the call sign like the word " Wham , " and WAAM was affectionately known as " Wham " to many in the Ann Arbor community for years afterward even after the station stopped using the " Wham " name on the air ( the " Wham " pronunciation has recently been revived for the station 's current talk format ) .
Go directly to http : / /www . shoutlife . com/ robrock Impellitteri .
Trews could be trimmed with leather , probably buckskin , especially on the inner leg to prevent wear from riding on horseback .
In 2006 , the so-called Catrine Voes ( the reservoirs to the former cotton works ) , the Radical Brae and the Chapel Brae were designated as a Local Nature Reserve .
Busulfan also induces thrombocytopenia , a condition of lowered blood platelet count and activity .
KV15 Ancient-Egypt-stub .
KV47 Ancient-Egypt-stub .
KV57 Ancient-Egypt-stub .
For nearly ten years , Columbia used the banner " Stereo 360 degree sound " to differentiate their true stereo ! LPs from the Duophonic LPs .
The Queyras was supposedly traveled through by Attila when he was conquering various areas of the planet .
WV24 Ancient-Egypt-stub .
KV26 .
KV28 .
KV30 .
Within the Separatrix corresponds to oscillating motion back and forth , whereas the outside of the separatrix corresponds to motion with the pendulum continuously turning through circles .
KV29 .
KV21 Ancient-Egypt-stub .
KV27 .
KV58 Ancient-Egypt-stub .
KV59 Egypt-stub Ancient-Egypt-stub .
KV50 Ancient-Egypt-stub .
KV53 Ancient-Egypt-stub .
Luminism shares an emphasis on the effects of light with impressionism .
Rocketo follows the life and adventures of Rocketo Garrison , world-famous explorer and mapmaker .
However , this Hyperstorm might have originated on a different Earth than the one on which MC2 takes place , in which case the possibility of creating a paradox would not come into play .
Welbilt played a final " reunion " show together at the Celebrate Fairfax festival on June 8 , 2008.
In a 17 October 2005 announcement , Stuart Murphy described Torchwood as " sinister and psychological ... As well as being very British and modern and real . " Davies further described it as " a British sci-fi paranoid thriller , a cop show with a sense of humour . Dark , wild and sexy , it 's The X-Files meets This Life . " Davies later denied ever making this comparison , instead describing the show as " alleyways , rain , the city " .
Originally a family business , the store kept growing and in 1983 , the first store of the present-day Wong supermarket chain was inaugurated .
For example , 9 is an Interprime because it is the average of 7 and 11.
The newest album 'Armageddon ' released by CD Maximum , came out in 2006 , where Aria invited two new lyricists and Berkut made his dbut as composer .
Ptys are controlled and configured as if they were hardware devices , using Ioctl calls .
One of the largest remaining temples to the Neqa'el is located 300 miles south of Faiyum .
Another Cinnoline method is the Borsche cinnoline synthesis .
China Mengniu Dairy Company Limited 's products include liquid milk products , such as ultra heat treated ( UHT ) milk , yogurt and milk beverages , ice cream and other dairy products , such as milk powder and milk tablets .
" Nudge bars , " another kind of Bullbar , are generally fitted to sedans and small SUVs , and consist of light aluminium or polycarbonate tubing that protects only the radiator grille and areas without replacing the bumper bar .
The Negotin hospital offers all basic and many specialist services to this and the neighboring municipalities .
Teacake is normally not frosted .
The Daimonic is capable of both positive and negative outcomes and is a naturally occurring human impulse or urge within everyone to affirm , assert , perpetuate and increase the self .
Construction of the CACH facility began in November 1991 at the site previously occupied by the GM Truck and Bus manufacturing plant .
Unlike the Warthog , the Bushpig runs with its tail down .
On one of these hillocks , Bertin and his companions built a small house whence they went out daily to preach the word of God among the natives , most of whom were still heathens .
Allentown was carved out of St.
Oddly , the band Runner never toured , in spite of their making the American charts .
Incredible and Frozone follow The Underminer underground and fight more robots along the way .
The Wilhelmstrasse runs south from the Unter den Linden , on a line slightly east of south , until its juncture with the Stresemannstrasse near the Hallesches Ufer , a distance of about two kilometres .
the law of the place where the Tort was committed .
Colloquially referred to as a Digibox in Finland and Sweden .
WMMS reverted to progressive rock less than a year later , but ended up briefly battling with Nationwide Communications ' WNCR-FM for listeners , as WNCR had filled the void caused by WMMS ' initial absence in the rock scene .
Originally a separate board of directors that provided oversight to the Sakura-Con Executive Board , the membership voted on July 30 2006 to merge the ANCEA and Sakura-Con boards into a single entity .
This is in contrast to the more common fore-and-aft sail , whose Tack is a part of the sail itself , the corner which is ( possibly semi-permanently ) secured to the vessel .
Although peeling the Chestnut does not hurt the horse , it often comes off more easily if baby oil or moisturizer is first applied to soften it .
It encircles the barrel of the equine , and attaches to the billets ( +Girth tabs ) of the saddle on either side .
Berazino region have got huge hunting and fishing resources .
Dunhill cigarettes were notably favored by legendary gonzo journalist , Hunter S. Thompson .
There are two types of Nespresso capsules available - one intended for domestic use , and another for office use .
A common use for a T-Line is in a watercooling system such as the one found in enthusiast PCs .
Phil continued to divide his time between Marion and New Order up until New Order 's split and is now said to be working on 'various projects ' .
Conch can be used to implement both the client and server sides of this protocol .
Woven fabric is more elastic as well as more fluid in the Bias direction , compared to the on-grain direction .
Once installed , Xubuntu can run with 192 MB RAM , but it is strongly recommended to have at least 256 MB RAM .
The Hyperion was shipped in January 1983 at C$4995 , two months ahead of the Compaq Portable .
Mitakata is linked with the road linking Travliata and Michata and are surrounded by the hills of Omalon with a taller one to the east and smaller hilltops elsewhere .
This alternate Superboy with his last breath , tells Kon-El that Black Zero is coming to take over their reality .
After the 'supers ' are outlawed and go to ground Elastigirl , as Helen Parr , becomes a homemaker with a sharp personality that keeps the Parr family together as they adjust to a normal life .
There are an estimated 5,140 Baniwa in Brazil , 6,790 in Colombia and 3,200 in Venezuela 's Amazonas State , according to Brazil 's Instituto Socioambiental , but accurate figures are almost impossible to come by given the nature of the rainforest .
DragonSpires 2 is no longer running .
Clan Cars ran into financial difficulties and went into receivership and ceased trading in 1987.
The heights of Fusuma have increased in recent years due to an increase in average height of the Japanese population , and a 190 cm height is now common .
However Shipova trees are not widely cultivated .
Fraz-Urb'luu eventually mastered the art of summoning , to the point where he could forcibly summon other demon lords into his court in order to humiliate and degrade them for his own amusement .
Energomash manufactures small cogeneration plants as well as wide variety of components for the energy industry .
Six regiments of " Marine Regiments for Sea " were formed in 1702 but by 1713 they had been disbanded or taken into the army as regiments of foot .
The bedside card method of blood grouping relies on visual Agglutination to determine an individual 's blood group .
Kalibangan Human Skeletal Remains : an Osteo-Archaeological Approach , Journal of the Oriental Research institute XIX : 109-113 .
The Metro is expected to run through Saket by 2010.
The F-clamp is similar to a C-clamp in use , but has a wider opening capacity .
A reminder of the Frisian past is the Ommelanden flag which looks a lot like the Frisian provincial flag but has more and narrower stripes and more red pompeblden ( stylised heart-shaped leaves of yellow water-lily ) .
Confusability of Phonemes Grouped According to their Viseme Classes in Noisy Environments .
Fowlmere , along with several other Cambridgeshire villages , lays claim to a sighting of the infamous Fen Tiger wild big cat .
With the popularity of the Internet rapidly increasing , online shopping became advantageous for retail store owners , and many traditional brick and mortar stores saw value in opening Webstore counterparts .
Whilst the earlier Thaler had contained one fourteenth of a Cologne mark of silver ( 16.704 grams ) , the Vereinsthaler contained 16 2/ 3 grams of silver , which was indicated on the coins as one thirtieth of a pound ( pfund , equal to 500 grams ) .
Silbergroschen were replaced with 10 Pfennig pieces when the German Empire decimalized following unification in 1871.
Sassacus and the Pequots were defeated by the English along their Mohegan allies in the Pequot War .
In 2007 , DATA and Bono were jointly awarded the National Constitution Center 's 2007 Liberty Medal for their groundbreaking efforts to address the AIDS crisis and extreme poverty in Africa .
The Shatterzone is home to cult worshippers , bands of alien exiles called " bolters " seeking to flee Armagon oppression , and groups of deep +space miners looking to make a fortune off the rare minerals to be had in this unusual sector of space .
Grizzly was killed by Forge and Sonique after killing their friend Toad .
Astadiggajas have written in all the three genres during the Prabhanda yugam .
These factors increases the activity of Cefepime against otherwise resistant organisms including Pseudomonas aeruginosa and Staphylococcus aureus .
It passes through the Sihlsee near Einsiedeln , and then enters the Canton of Zurich , flowing through the Sihl valley ( Sihltal ) at the foot of the Albis , passing the Sihlwald , the largest remaining deciduous forest of the Swiss plateau , near Langnau am Albis .
The various German states within the Empire issued Reichsthaler together with smaller coins according to whatever system of subdivisions they chose .
The legends say the treasury that is still kept in the high mountains around Mutso waiting for the chosen one to come .
A separate Supplement contains Original observations on Marine Surveying and a description of Transit 1807.
In the process , Maisanta had his familys vast landholdings - known collectively as La Marquesena - confiscated .
Because of the time and difficulty and expense involved in creating a Concordance in the pre-computer era , only works of special importance , such as the Bible , Qur'an or the works of Shakespeare , had concordances prepared for them .
Vetulicola cuneata was originally assigned to the crustaceans , but the lack of legs , the gill slits , and the four plates in the " carapace " were unlike any known arthropod .
Prior to the start of the Neosapien War , Phaeton lured the Exofleet , then consisting of six exocarriers and countless support vessels , away from the Homeworlds to fight the Pirate Clans , but they later became a part of the Exofleet themselves .
Controversial uses of twin data have looked at Concordance rates for homosexuality and intelligence .
This screen name is very similar to crudely programmed IM robots ( typically known as a bot ) , the program Smarterchild uses a much more sophisticated program , but CrushConnect is still able to understand most commands .
Martin Church Image : Engstingen Kirche Sankt Blasius . jpg|St .
Tour de France and Giro dItalia winner , the late Marco Pantani almost lost his life in the 1995 edition of Milano-Torino when police allowed a four wheel drive vehicle onto the course by mistake , Pantani and two other riders ploughed into the vehicle .
In typical game play , players attempt to propel the ball toward their opponents ' goal through individual control of the ball , such as by Dribbling ( running with the ball close to their feet ) .
Both times , there was significant overlap between the staff of both publications and subsequently The Medium was replaced by The Gauntlet by the beginning of the next school years .
Eucalyptol with a purity from 99.6 to 99.8 percent can be obtained in large quantities by fractional distillation of eucalyptus oil .
The main claimed benefit of Actimel is the strengthening of the body 's natural defences through the use of patented bacterial culture called Lactobacillus casei DN-114001 , marketed as Lactobacillus casei Defensis or Immunitas(s ) .
It was original United Prebyterian becoming United Free and eventually Glengarnock Parish Church .
Its appellation loxe-Corton AOC includes wine belonging to the Grands Crus Corton ( almost all red wine ) and Corton-Charlemagne ( white ) .
The concept of the Symplesiomorphy shows the danger of grouping species together on the basis of general morphologic similarity , without distinguishing between resemblances caused by either primitive or derived traits , as was common before cladistics became popular in the 1980s .
Atlanta and surrounding suburbs currently have no franchises as of February 2008 with the only Bennigan's in Georgia now in Savannah .
For an American political scandal many political scientists and experts feel as though the results of Koreagate were lenient and feeble .
Its boundaries are not characterized by major extinctions or biotic turnovers , but a climatic event ( known as the Carnian Pluvial Event ) occurred during the Carnian and seems to be associated with important extinctions or radiations .
Adenanthos species are widely distributed throughout the southwest corner of Western Australia , near the coast from Geraldton to Esperance , and inland to Kalgoorlie .
Thirteen species of Panaeolus contain the hallucinogen psilocybin including Panaeolus cyanescens and Panaeolus subbalteatus .
In many school districts across the United States , Sagging is prohibited .
As with most functions , there exist four variants of SAXPY in the BLAS package , namely SAXPY , DAXPY , CAXPY and ZAXPY .
Massively popular folk singers began to emerge , spurred on by the expansion of radio and television , often using Kafana themes in their songs .
In comparison with apritifs , which are drunk before a meal , a Digestif will generally be heavier and more alcoholic .
Reportedly , Sellers despised Hoffman because the lead character too closely reflected his own personality .
NikeTalk is also viewed by notable celebrities like Chi McBride , Kanye West , Tommy Sizzlu , Just Blaze , among others .
The process applied is initially carburizing to the required case depth ( up to 2.5mm ) at around 900-955C , and then Carbonitriding to achieve required carbonitrided case depth .
Ghanzi is also a stop over point for travelers wishing to visit the Okavango Delta ; there are many lodges in the area and one filling station , namely Shell .
Several senior PANTS were upset when asked to show ID before entering .  Hundreds of PANTS cruised the tail-gate party well after the opening kick-off Two busloads of PANTS roared into Beijing anxious to meet their compatriots .  " Security could not discern who were ticket-holders and who were PANTS " Pant : v.
A single Pollera can cost from several hundred to several thousands of dollars and take up to a year to create .
Remittances contribute to economic growth and to the livelihoods of needy people worldwide .
Griflet first appears as a squire and one of King Arthur 's earliest allies .
Note that the concept of Maladaptation , as initially discussed in a late 19th century context , is based on a flawed view of evolutionary theory .
The common angles of incidence for Gloss measurement are 20 , 60 and 85 .
Panthenol is not , however , absorbed through the skin and thus has limited effects that are not due to its provitamin character .
The Ecocriticism Reader : Landmarks in Literary Ecology .
The form varies , but in all the characteristic feature is that the minister tells the people what to pray for ( e. g. , the 1662 Book of Common Prayer Bidding-prayer form begins , " Let us pray for Christ 's holy Catholic Church , " provides specifics , and then moves on to the next bidding ) .
The Burnous remains part of the uniform of the one remaining Spahi regiment of the French Army , the 1st Spahi Regiment .
It was under the control of Nilambur kovilakam and it is not maintained properly after the 'Gudalur Janmam abolishment and Conversion Act , 1969 ' passed by the Tamilnadu State government .
Exactly like the Saudi national team , Al-Ahli play in a green and white jersey .
Die Hecastus-Dramen von Georgius Macropedius und Hans Sachs ( Walter de Gruyter ) Berlin - New York 2007.
NNI circuit can be used for interconnection of either signalling ( e. g. SS7 ) , IP ( e. g. MPLS ) or ATM networks .
The ditches of the Schaalbeke and Pludderbach have their water flow split between Liessow and Laage , but most of the water flows north as the Recknitz , while the lesser flow , called the Augraben , runs south to the river Nebel .
This type of Hacker modifies his/ her computer for performance needs and/ or attractiveness .
The album I made in the middle nineties called Older was a tribute to Anselmo , really ; there was a dedication to him on the album and fairly obvious male references .
It is closely related to the concept of incidence , which is the measure of Infectivity in a population .
The game harkens back to the original Shinobi games of the early 1990s , and its plot follows the exploits of a ninja called Hotsuma , the last member of the famed Oboro clan .
There is a library of Descriptor classes incorporating the usual string manipulation methods .
Kishangarh has an average literacy rate of 62 % , higher than the national average of 59.5 % : male literacy is 72 % , and female literacy is 52 % .
The Figure of a particular piece of wood may be due to the cut , or to innate properties of the wood .
From this perspective , Dynamic Antisymmetry aims at unifying movement and phrase structure which would otherwise two independent properties that characterize all and only human language grammars .
The duel between Macaire and the dog is paralleled by an interpolation by Giraldus Cambrensis in a manuscript of the Hexameron of Ambrose .
At a subsequent reorganisation , Patala was created as a district and Nabha formed a subdivision in Patiala District .
Within the story , Mazinkaiser was created by Professor Juz Kabuto and piloted by his grandson Kouji .
Zimran had five other brothers , Jokshan , Medan , Midian , Ishbak , and Shuah .
The Piankeshaw are usually regarded as being " friendly " towards European settlers .
BlackDog is completely powered from the USB port of the host computer  no external power adapter is required .
Under a commission by Pope Eugene IV , Filarete , over the course of twelve years , cast the bronze central doors for the old St Peter 's Basilica in Rome , completed in 1445 ; in the work Filarete hoped to rival Ghiberti 's great bronze doors for the Baptistery of Florence .
Contra III : The Alien Wars , by contrast , allows players to choose the number of lives with which they start the game , as well as difficulty ( which modifies both the amount of enemies , how fast they are , and hits they can endure ) .
Parismina is about half way between Tortuguero and Limon on the Tortuguero canals .
The Davidsfonds was founded in Leuven , Belgium on 15 January 1875 , with the motto Voor Godsdienst , taal en volk ( E : For religion , language and people ) .
Some wordings that define the scope of a Bequest have specific interpretations .
In 1991 SCTV Bali was established in Denpasar .
In the Buphonia a working ox was sacrificed to Zeus Poleis , Zeus protector of the city , in accordance with a very ancient custom .
Since it has no classifying name , it is referred to as a Symbiote because of its symbiotic relationships .
A Wedge has five faces , nine edges , and six vertices .
Moshupa should actually be spelt and pronounced Mosopa and has the name Moshupa because the first documenters were British and would not pronounce and write it well .
Justinian I constructed more powerful fortifications there , but these did not prevent Satala from being captured in 607-8 by the Persians .
Novobiocin is effective antistaphylococcal agent used in the treatment of MRSA .
Later , the Vatsa kingdom was annexed by the Avanti kingdom .
The main Gosthis which ruled the Surasena were Shorasenee , Brishnis , Yadavas or Yadukul , etc.
A Cuff may show an ornamental border , or have an addition of lace or other trimming .
Hooking can be used for many purposes , including debugging and extending original functionality .
The final Splinter album was the self-titled Splinter , which was released in England in 1980 on the Bellaphon label .
Regarding the body as the work of the evil deity , the Cerdonians formed a moral system of great severity , prohibiting marriage , wine and the eating of flesh , and advocating fasting and other austerities .
Posting clear and unmistakable warning signs as well as making entry to Spring-gun guarded premises difficult for innocent persons , such as high walls , fences and natural obstacles , are significant ways to reduce potential tort liability arising from the spring-gun 's wounding of a careless or criminal intruder .
In battle the Carroccio was surrounded by the bravest warriors in the army and it served both as a rallying-point and as the palladium of the city 's honour ; its capture by the enemy was regarded as an irretrievable defeat and humiliation .
After the British journal Dyslexia published one paper about the Dore program in 2003 , the paper was followed by ten critical commentaries and one commentator resigned from Dyslexias editorial board .
Caliver , therefore , is practically synonymous with arquebus .
Some of the cut pipe is also shipped as-is to other +Tenneco plants .
Eupatoria was in the midst of the plain , but Cabira , as Strabo says ( p. 556 ) , was at the base of the Paryadres .
Depending on how in-depth the topic and examples reflects on how long the Body of the piece will be .
In addition to six more Madballs for Series 2 , American Greetings has also hinted at the creation of a " Goalrilla " Super Madball which would mimic the design of a soccer ball ( possibly a redesign of the original " Goal Eater " Madball ) .
MDA is responsible for publishing SPECTRUM , the UK Museum Documentation Standard .
Chawanmushi can be eaten either hot and cool .
Gotthard also performed " Immigrant Song " ( originally by Led Zeppelin ) live and it featured exclusively on a CD by Classic Rock ( a long running monthly UK rock magazine ) .
" Auctoritas , Dignitas , Otium . " The Classical Quarterly ns 10 ( 1960 ) : 43-50 .
Years before the Wonderland incident , Holmes served as an informant to Blake , in return for not being prosecuted on pimping and pandering charges .
On June 5 , 2004 Jeremas commenced a concert tour : " Tour La Cita 2004 " , with appearances in the Aula Magna of the Central University of Venezuela , in Caracas , and International , in Argentina , Chile , Puerto Rico , Ecuador , Colombia , Peru , and Central America .
A few months after his departure from the United States Motor Company in 1913 , Benjamin Briscoe established a manufacturing plant at Billancourt , France to design and manufacture the first automobile in France built by American methods .
Moxonidine passes into breast milk .
The Florentine Catasto of 1427 provided an important source of raw historical data for historians of the Renaissance .
At that period Ses consisted of two distinct parts , separated by the Ornethe bishop 's borough , and to the south , the new or counts borough ( Bourg le Comte ) .
When rendered , a Whitespace character does not correspond to a visual mark , but typically does occupy an area on a page .
As the series developed further , the Grungust series was given a more detailed background , and more variations of the design were introduced .
Its upgrade is the +R-Gun Powered .
In practice , the Queen-in-Council acts upon the advice of a government minister , making the Queen-in-Council 's actions subject to judicial review .
The Maracan Stadium is located in this neighborhood , as well as the Ginsio do Maracanzinho .
By the mid-17th century , when their territory became hotly contested between Dutch and English colonial interests , the Siwanoy were settled along the East River and Long Island Sound between Hell Gate and Norwalk , Connecticut , a territory that included eastern parts of what became the Bronx and Westchester County in New York and southwestern Fairfield County in Connecticut .
Maidan is dotted with several statues and pieces of architecture , most notable being the Victoria Memorial .
There are some cases in which a denial of a Continuance may infringe on such rights and amount to a violation of due process which could result in dismissal of an indictment , or be the grounds for reversal .
Since Uttarayana is Considered as auspicious time , Makara Sankranti is celebrated as the beginning of that period It is celebrated by many cultures in different manners .
Upon the move to FM , Mike McConnell was added to the daily schedule ( replacing the former WIBC Sports Talk program ) , while Paul Harvey , who had been heard on WIBC since 1995 , was dropped .
Starz no longer show cases the comics of local comics save a few shorties .
Blood is indexed and abstracted by Index Medicus , Excerpta Medica , Current Contents/ Life Sciences , Current Contents/ Clinical Medicine , Science Citation Index , SCISEARCH , Automatic Subject Citation Alert , ISI/ BIOMED , and BIOSIS .
The first satellite of Ekran series was launched in 1976.
Nshima is relatively cheap and affordable for most of the population , although occasionally prices have risen due to shortages , contributing to economic and political instability .
The Adnyamathanha are made up of the Kuyani , Wailpi , Yadliaura , Pilatapa and Pangkala , which are the traditional groups of the Flinders Ranges .
Marking can also be one of the most spectacular and distinctive aspects of the game , and the best Mark of the AFL season is awarded with the Mark of the Year , with similar competitions running across smaller leagues .
To celebrate the opening of the Hong Kong Disneyland , the Walt Disney Company published the Hong Kong Disneyland -The Grand Opening Celebration Album (  ) and invited both Kellyjackie and Kelly Chen to perform the song He invites me to Disneyland , leading to the advent of the duet version of the song .
One particularly high-profile example of a Duck came in 1948 , when Don Bradman was playing his final Test match for Australia , against England at The Oval .
The Gallo-Roman amphitheater of Lillebonne was built in the first century and was altered in the second century so that it could be used as both an amphitheater and a theater .
On the right bank of the Indre , opposite the town and practically its suburb , is the village of Beaulieu-ls-Loches , once the seat of a barony .
After 1927 , Locmariaquer specialized mainly in the reproduction and the half-rearing ; Marennes , the Netherlands and Britain are customers .
However , in its early years , almost every English document spelled the name of the kibbutz as Hanaton , so both spellings are now common .
Lawyers make a formal request by stating " may I approach the bench ? " or , simply " may I approach ? " to initiate a Sidebar conference .
MOROP has been founded in Genova ( Italy ) in 1954 and now has its headquarters in Berne ( Switzerland ) .
The image of Zirnitra was employed on a Wendish flag when the Wends fought the invading Saxons .
Additionally , multiple companies have produced aftermarket Twincharger kits for cars like the Subaru Impreza WRX , Mini Cooper Type S , Skyline GT-R , Toyota MR-2 , Pontiac Grand Prix GTP , Chevrolet Monte Carlo ( s/ c ) , and Buick Regal GS .
The family name of the principal , branch of this tribe is Abu Sin , and Gedaref , an important town in the center of the Shukria country , was formerly called Suk Abu Sin .
Cross-matching can be done electronically with a computer database or serologically .
In some contexts it includes the Katangan Copperbelt of the Democratic Republic of Congo , around Lubumbashi , exploiting the same ore body which runs under the border .
The measurement range of a Creepmeter is usually limited to 10-30 mm .
After she was brainwashed by Queen Bee , Owlwoman gained retractable claws that could slice through steel .
Germanos , and once in the Souda ( s. v. anaklomenon ) , where he is called " Romanos the melodist " .
Although the villains shot at their hostages , the request was granted and all time stopped except for Seraph who disarmed the bomb and covered the children with his cloak to protect them from the weapons fire before allowing time to resume and defeat his enemies .
The third eye somehow gives Tuatara the ability to see into the future , allowing him to prevent events before they occur .
After Fain 's defeat , a statue is built is to honor Thunderlord , placed alongside statues of other fallen Guardians .
This Godiva had the ability to fascinate anybody and hold them to her will , even females .
The first place is in the center , called Maror , this Maror is used to fulfill the main requirement to eat maror at the Seder .
Huncote Sports and Social club hosts adult and junior football as well as clay shooting , rounders , cricket and many social events .
As well , Cyttorak has demonstrated the ability to create life ( Dr. Strange ( vol.3 ) #44 ) , when he created an entire race of elves out of magical energy simply so he could have somebody to worship and adore him .
The group split in 2002 for unknown reasons ; in the meantime Booba signed a contract for his first solo album : Temps Mort , still under 45 Scientific ( 250 000 copies sold ) .
The Tentorium is formed by ingrowths of the exoskeleton , called apophyses , which fuse in various ways to provide rigid support for the muscles of the head ( particularly those associated with the mouthparts ) and additional protection for the brain and other neural structures .
Fortunately for its residents , the village of Koerich has not attracted new businesses .
The G-series cars were frequently described as " robust and reliable " despite being constructed overweight and being energy-inefficient .
Joseph Strutt , who was born in 1749 , mentions the Teetotum as used in games when he was a boy .
Third , it avoids implying that the relationship already has the attributes of a boyfriend/ Girlfriend relationship .
During the French Revolution , the ranks of Marchal de camp and Lieutenant gnral were renamed Gnral de brigade and Gnral de division , and the appointment of Gnral was renamed Gnral en chef .
While playing Sehnsucht at Live aus Berlin , Till hits himself in the head with his microphone repeatedly and throughout the rest of the concert can be seen bleeding from his hairline .
By the 17th and 18th centuries , the rank of General was present in all the militaries of the German states and saw its greatest usage by the militaries of Bavaria and Prussia .
General ranks above lieutenant general and below General of the Army or General of the Air Force ; the Marine Corps does not have an established grade above general .
Despite being one of the oldest Luxembourgian clubs in existence , having been founded in 1910 , tange have one only one trophy , the Luxembourg Cup in 2004-05 .
It 's center is the city of Qorveh which is located in a large plain 93 km .
Melchior refuses , choosing to do as he always has : roaming the countryside and living by his wits , owing allegiance to no one - especially the Kohan who would dare to see him cleansed of his Ceyah identity .
Though at that time , it did not give out scores , the reviewer said " Visions ' Pengi is far superior to any Pac Man program ... The graphics are excellent as is the sound ... If you 're into arcade games , you will love this one . " 8bitcomputer-game-stub .
Made from egg , milk and flour flavored with rum and vanilla , the custard batter is baked in a mold , giving the Canel a caramelized crust +and custard-like inside .
Although generally treated as a single variable species , some botanists in the past have split Cyrilla racemiflora into several species .
Of the cavern Pliny 's Natural History ( Book IV ) records that its volcanic fumes were deadly to birds ( locus Aornos et pestifera avibus exhalatio ) .
However , the cholesterol behaves similarly and the ratio Brassicasterol / cholesterol is fairly uniform at all depths indicating either a comparable degradation rate with no change in source or different degradation rates and a change in source .
One of the children featured on the documentary was Arianto , an Indonesian boy who suffered from a severe form of Neurofibroma resulting in hemifacial giganticism .
Astemizole has recently been found to be a potent treatment for malaria .
All members of the genus have five toes except for a single species , the Four-toed Jerboa , Allactaga tetradactyla of Northern Africa , which has four .
However , severe droughts in 1972 and 1982 forced the nomadic Aulliminden to migrate south to Nigeria in search of grazing areas for their animal herds .
George Stephenson was not born in Newburn but did work in Newburn 's Water Row pit for a time .
The whole of Tirah was thoroughly explored and mapped at the time of the Tirah Expedition .
This Cup is not commonly used in the United Kingdom or the rest of Europe , however an informal cup referring to the volume of an average coffee cup ( and thus noticeably different than the U. S. cup ) is frequently used in recipes in other countries such as Germany .
Subsequent recordings like Smell My Finger , Dickcheese , Love Is A Battlefield Of Wounded Hearts and Yummy ! were well-received by fans and set the blueprint for the 'Hard-Ons sound ' : messy pop-punk with metal and psychedelia elements .
Most Phaethornis hermits are restricted to the edge and undergrowth of forest , woodland and second growth , but some species ( e. g. the Planalto Hermit ) also occur in more open habitats .
In the Doom novels , the main character is referred to as Flynn " Fly " Taggart , which is universally suggested to be the Doomguy from the games .
The album was re-released in 2006 with new liner notes and a bonus DVD ( entitled " Vile Live " ) featuring a full concert from the Vile tour , during which many songs from the album are performed .
In antiquity Pollentia was in the territory of the Ligurian Statielli , Augusta Bagiennorum ( modern Roncaglia in the Commune of Bene Vagienna ) being 16km to the south .
The city 's land area is 4.52 km ; with a population density of 13,322.57 / km , Portici is the most densely populated comune in Italy .
A Mantlet could be mounted on a wheeled carriage and protected one or several soldiers .
The Philippine Department of Tourism has acknowledged that her Aling Lucing 's restaurant had established Angeles City as the " Sisig Capital of +the Philippines " in 1974.
All of Myanmar 's internal airlines , Myanma Airways , Air Mandalay , Yangon Airways and Air Bagan have frequent flights to Thandwe from most of their destinations .
The lack of success of the album there led to the lack of an Irish leg for the group 's Chemistry Tour 2006.
There was also an early 13th Dynasty Second Intermediate Period king named Amenemhat V but little is known of his reign .
The revival of the figure of the Putto is generally attributed to Donatello , in Florence in the 1420s , although there are some earlier manifestations ( for example the tomb of Illaria del Carretta in Lucca ) .
The Realschule is ranked between Hauptschule ( lowest ) and Gymnasium ( highest ) in the secondary school system .
On October 3 , 1945 , General Dwight D. Eisenhower ordered that Fhrenwald be made an exclusively Jewish DP camp , after he had found living conditions at the Feldafing camp unacceptable .
Brian in turn is physically attracted to the very beautiful Saturnyne ( especially because she is also the spitting image of his first love , Courtney Ross ) , but is turned off by her occasional cruelty and coldness .
The machine that does this may be called a linisher or a Linish grinder .
It was the home of the Frongoch internment camp , used to hold German prisoners-of-war during First World War , and then Irish Republican prisoners from the 1916 Rising .
The largest recorded Hammerjaw measured 23 cm ( 9 inches ) standard length ( excluding the caudal fin ) .
Faith and Trust are synonyms of Confidence when used in this sense .
SWOG CHOP emerged as the regimen with the least toxicity but similar efficacy .
Figures who have been called Producerist or associated with Producerism , although they may not use the term to describe themselves , include Ross Perot , Pat Buchanan and more recently political commentator Lou Dobbs .
Penetron screens were commercially manufactured from late 1960s until mid- 1980s for avionics and radar application due to their higher resolution compared to conventional CRTs .
Any substance that affects Contractility is called an inotropic agent .
Traditionally students attended the Gymnasium for 9 years in western Germany but only for 8 years in eastern Germany .
Called the Tignon laws , they prescribed and enforced appropriate public dress for female gens de couleur in colonial society .
Suni are around 12-17 inches high at the shoulder and weigh 10-12 pounds .
Superradiance allows a body with concentration of angular or linear momentum to move towards a lower energy state , even when there is no obvious classical mechanism for this to happen .
The Bourrelet diameter is important as it can effect the in-bore yaw angle and therefore the stability of a projectile during flight .
The trees also make hard resins that are used to manufacture varnish , especially the resin from Hymenaea courbaril ( jatob ) in Brazil .
Droit d'auteur is a term for French copyright law .
The quad ZPU-4 uses a four-wheel carriage similar to that once used by the obsolete 25 mm automatic antiaircraft gun M1940 .
The XM84 provides a loud bang and a bright , blinding flash of light .
Rudyard Kipling used the forests in the vicinity of Seoni , or as he spells it , Seeonee , as the setting for the Mowgli stories in The Jungle Book and The Second Jungle Book ( 1894 - 1895 ) , although the area is not an actual rainforest .
The dauphin and the duke of Alenon failed to bring about any sympathetic rising in Auvergne , and the Praguerie was over , except for some final pillaging and plundering in Saintonge and Poitou , which the royal army failed to prevent .
She was created by Tony Bedard and Karl Moline Not much is known of Blindspot as she only recently appeared , in the " Rogue - Forget-Me-Not " saga .
While the total number of emigrants were few , Perche had a much higher rate of emigration to New France than most other regions of France .
Couladin comes with his brother Muradin to Chaendaer , so that Muradin may gain permission to enter Rhuidean to become a clan chief for the Shaido Aiel considering Suladric has died .
In the early Paleocene of North America , the place of the above species was taken by Tetraclaenodon puercensis , an animal only half the size of Phenacodus primaevus , with the terminal joints of the limbs intermediate between hoofs and claws , and the first and fifth toes taking their full share in the support of the weight of the body .
Individually , a Baluster shaft may describe the turned form taken by a brass or silver candlestick , an upright furniture support , or the stem of a brass chandelier , etc.
The Hockeyroos have been declared Australia 's Team of the Year five times and were awarded the Best Australian Team at the 2000 Olympic Games by unanimous verdict .
Carolyn and Pumpkin walk off together .
Manzhouli Airport is located in the western part of the city .
In Magypath v1.2 players can choose from four styles .
With the incorporation of the Honourable East India Company 's military forces into the Crown 's army , much of their allowance of Batta was lost since the British Army did not receive it .
The brave Bishnoi lady Amrita Devi played a historical role in this incidence.10 Dudi Jats were martyrs in this Saka .
Despite this , Cyclophane structures are not unknown to biomolecules .
The town of Lamballe is noted for its exceptional weekly market .
Manjeri has an average literacy rate of 80 % , higher than the national average of 59.5 % : male literacy is 81 % , and female literacy is 78 % .
Pentaho generates revenue via technical support and management services for enterprise customers .
Other notable NMP partners include : Gluva Soba , Lokomotiva , Kanal 103 , Line I+M , Pogon , Project Pechat , ComeClean , etc.
A Normalization is sometimes based on a property .
Claudius constructed the first harbour on the Portus site , 4 km ( 2.5 miles ) north of Ostia , enclosing an area of 69 hectares ( 170 acres ) , with two long curving moles projecting into the sea , and an artificial island , bearing a lighthouse , in the centre of the space between them .
In May 2008 , Temposhark won funding of 15,000 from SliceThePie . com , winning the top prize out of over 1,000 selected bands .
When he ejected instead of staying to help her , it proved to Scarlett that he was an impostor and moved to later stop him .
The Neyel originally hail from Earth and were humans who lived and worked on the O'Neill colonies , which were built from asteroids in Earth orbit .
This laymaster escape his reality along with Sue Storm and began hunting down Elizabeth Braddock 's of alternate worlds killing them and taking there eyes much like his 616 counterpart did to Betsy Braddock .
Along with the shilling ( 12 pence ) and the florin ( or two shillings ) , the last general issue Sixpence was issued in 1967 and a special proof version struck for inclusion in the farewell proof set of 1970.
This has led to many Carpentaria Palms being removed because of the high volumes of fruits they produce .
However , in theater a Scrim can refer to any such thin screen , and are made out of a wide variety of materials .
After Thomas died in February 2004 , the WDAE studio was renamed the Chris Thomas Studio .
A notable exception to this trend , Lope de Vega , made Macas the hero of his drama , Porfiar hasta morir .
Palazzo Pamphilj , by the architects Girolamo Rainaldi and Francesco Borromini , is located in the heart of Rione Parione , the Pamphili neighborhood of Rome , south of the church of Sant'Agnese in Agone in Piazza Navona .
Recognizance is most often encountered regarding bail in criminal cases .
VisualFlow was built to only run on Sony Vaio laptops or other Sony products .
Satna district is also proud to have an ancient city of Buddhist culture named 'Bharhut ' , whose archaeological remains also displayed in many museums in Indian and abroad .
Because of its thermal lability , Germane is used in the semiconductor industry for the epitaxial growth of germanium by MOVPE or chemical beam epitaxy .
A new World Record for the largest Bergall caught was established on July 6 , 2008.
These include intellectual Uffe Geertsen and politicians Pelle Christy Geertsen and Martin Geertsen .
Among the significant software tools that were developed at STEIM are LiSa , a sound manipulation software designed for live performance , and Image/ ine , written by Tom Demeyer in close collaboration with Steina Vasulka , which was the first Macintosh program to allow realtime manipulation of video .
Quarterflash signed to Geffen Records and released their self-titled debut album Quarterflash in 1981.
A Binnacle may be subdivided into sections and its contents typically include one or more compasses and a oil lamp or other light source .
Usage of this meaning of Jupe for menswear became restricted to " jupe panels " in jackets .
( The Tri-tip is still often labeled " Santa Maria steak " . ) Tri-tip is now available in most of the U. S.
In the end eleven people were saved , but sadly in spite of all the efforts of the emergency services and the courageous Billicliffe brothers , three men ( two Britons and a Russian ) were drowned , their bodies washed up the next day on aenporth Beach .
Designation of species is made difficult by the great variations in form of Avicennia marina .
This " New Syndicate " took the reins of the shadow government sometime after the old Syndicate was destroyed .
Boston , New York and Philadelphia still retained their old supremacy as Bookselling centres .
During her interview with the Comics Buyer 's Guide , Judith Hunt said that ( after she left ) , " The comic lost its original complexity and feminist standpoint and became just another excuse for depictions of gratuitous sex and violence . " Matthew Sweet 's 1990 album Girlfriend featured a song titled Evangeline , sung from the point of view of the character Johnny Six .
Typology was very frequently expressed in art ; many typolological pairings are found in sculpture on cathedrals and churches , and in other media .
In the middle of the twentieth century , German photographers Bernd and Hilla Becher raised Typology to an art form by photographing countless similar architectural features including water towers , workers ' houses and industrial landscapes .
The most ancient testimony refers to this custom of Terce , Sext , and None , for instance Tertullian , Clement of Alexandria , the Canons of Hippolytus , and even the " Didache ( " Teaching of the Apostles " ) . The last-mentioned precribed prayer thrice each day , without , however , fixing the hours . Saint Clement of Alexandria and likewise Tertullian , as early as the end of the second century , expressly mention the Canonical Hours of Terce , Sext , and None , as specially set apart for prayer . Tertullian says explicitly that we must always pray , and that there is no time prescribed for prayer ; he adds , nevertheless , these significant words : " As regards the time , there should be no lax observation of certain hours - I mean of those common hours which have long marked the divisions of the day , the third , the sixth , and the ninth , and which we may observe in Scripture to be more solemn than the rest .
In Yelahanka , 11 % of the population is under 6 years of age .
Our texts say nothing as to what were the elements of the prayer of Terce , Sext , or None before the fourth century .
Tomica later on also produced models with Disney characters on them and they even started an utterly new series called Putica for these Disney characters .
In August 2006 , HMLA-167 departed MCAS New River after only 5 months at home to join MAG-16 in Al Asad , Iraq .
D-maru were constructed from small scales of leather or metal laced into plates with cord and lacquered .
The 5T gang started forming in the mid 1980 's .
Square-free elements may be also characterized using their prime decomposition .
Server-specific keys issued by trusted authorities are merged into the Keyfile along with the trusted root certificates .
In summer 2008 Vain will play at the 2nd annual 80 's rock festival , Rocklahoma .
The decree of Nullity may therefore be no more than a declaration that no marriage had ever come into being , i. e.
In 2005 Elvstroem covered 166 mares , at AUD$38,500.00 per service .
One could imagine a Jug being made from nearly any watertight material , but most jugs throughout history have been made from clay , glass , or plastic .
A young male horse is considered a Colt even if he is gelded .
Almost all buds are located in Axillary positions , for example .
They are divided into the Abbala ( camel-herding ) Rizeigat , who live in northern Darfur and Chad , and the Baggara ( cattle-herders ) who inhabit south-east Darfur .
Its original name was IPOD for Information and Product on Demand , but as they were creating their business cards they changed it to Peapod on a whim .
A large example of a Bronze Age Minoan Temenos is at the Juktas Sanctuary of the palace of Knossos on ancient Crete in present day Greece , the temple having a massive northern temenos .
The American families have differing family origins in the United States- the Habersack families from Ohio and Massachusetts find roots in Fulda , Germany ; the Michigan Habersacks have roots in Hungary ; and the Maryland Habersack families have ancestry in Lieblos , Germany- now called Grndau .
Between 1978 and 1988 , there were 186 cases of Amineptine addiction reported to the French Regional Centres of Pharmacovigilance ; an analysis of 155 of those cases found that they were predominantly female , and that two-thirds of cases had known risk factors for addiction .
Poseidon returned as a 5 year old for one last campaign .
In 1970 , following the Second Vatican Council , a revision of the Roman Breviary discontinued the use of Nocturns when the office of Matins was reformed as the Office of Readings .
After the reform of the Liturgy of the Hours following the Second Vatican Council , the Invitatory is said either before the Office of Readings or Lauds , whichever is said first in a liturgical day .
Chief Minister V S Achutanandan also gave an assurance to people affected by poisoning , " that the government would chalk out a plan to take care of treatment , food and other needs of the affected persons and that its promise of rehabilitation of victims would be honoured . " A shipment of about 10 tonnes of Endosulfan was illegally stowed on the ill-fated MV Princess of the Stars , a ferry that sank off the waters of Romblon ( Sibuyan Island ) , Philippines during a storm in June 2008.
In the aftermath of the war , Akira was placed into cryostasis .
Coldsnap replaced Homelands in the Ice Age block .
Philopatry can manifest itself in several ways .
In 1309 the Schnabelburg was destroyed by the Habsburgs , in revenge for the participation of Walter von Eschenbach in the murder of Albert I of Germany .
The foliage is the basis of a style of architectural ornamentation ; see Acanthus ( ornament ) .
The sea around Narsaq is full of marine life , including whales , salmon , and seals .
Towns along the Emscher include Dortmund , Castrop-Rauxel , Herne , Gelsenkirchen , Essen , Bottrop , Recklinghausen , Oberhausen and Dinslaken , where it flows into the Rhine .
The word is possibly identical with an old name Matrass ( Fr . materas , matelas ) for the bolt or quarrel of a cross-bow .
In 1977 , Korvac reappears in Thor Annual #6 , written by Roger Stern and art by Sal Buscema .
Forbin asks Colossus why his new synthesised voice has a British accent .
Colonel ranks above lieutenant colonel and below brigadier general .
Some non-military personnel may be appointed to the position , thereby holding an Honorary rank of Colonel for the duration of the appointment , though usually with the Territorial Army units .
Nek records and performs in both Italian and Spanish .
Anasol says that her greatest inspiration is the post Ray of Light work of Madonna .
The Waistline of a garment is often used to accentuate different features .
The FROLINAT , of which Goukouni was still nominally the head , dissolved itself on January 14 , 1993.
XAMPP also provides support for creating and manipulating databases in MySQL and SQLite among others .
Unlike the 6L6 , ( EIA base 7AC ) the EL34 has its grid 3 connection brought out to a separate Pin ( Pin 1 ) ( EIA base 8ET ) and its heater draws 1.5 Amps compared to the 0.9 Amp heater in the 6L6 .
Myx Philippines is known for featuring the music videos ' lyrics on-screen , allowing the viewers to sing along .
Also , SkyCable launches an infomercial about their Digibox product , seen on MySky Channel 33.
The circuit was developed in the early 1920 's by Alan Hazeltine and made by a group of more than 20 firms that were licensed to produce Hazeltine-Neutrodyne receivers known as the Independent Radio Manufacturers .
The Bisharin tend animals , including camels , sheep , goats , buffalo , and cattle .
Braides : -convergence for beginners .
In programming mode , the TI-59 simply recorded key presses .
There are more plans for Ruwais and its lead by ADNOC ( Abu Dhabi National Oil Company ) .
Wiz transforms into Darks wings and is also able to transform into Daisuke or Dark ( although more commonly Daisuke when his feelings causes him to gain Dark 's appearance , but with Dark asleep , Daisuke keeps his personality ) .
Thus Pradakshina is done around Tulsi plant and Peepal tree .
Howard Stern , a Soupy Sales fan , referred to Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie 's new baby as Shiloh Kvetch on his June 7 , 2006 radio show .
Generally shops and businesses are closed on Poya Days , and the sale of alcohol and meat is forbidden .
This is the second such series to spin out of the Soulfire limited series .
Primates are phylogenetically divided into Strepsirrhini ( " curly-nosed " primates with rhinariums , which is the ancestral condition ) and Haplorrhini ( " simple-nosed " primates which have replaced the Rhinarium with a more mobile , continuous , dry upper lip ) .
The first ever Jugger international tournament took place in Hamburg , Germany on 20 May , 2007 between the Irish team Setanta and a number of the Northern German teams .
Designing an adequate Diffuser on a rebreather is much easier than on open-circuit scuba .
Jobs.ac.uk also has a strong working relationship with The Association of Commonwealth Universities .
In the case of the ancient universities of Scotland the Principal is President of the Academic Senate .
When a Conservator had been chosen by regulars he could not be removed for five years without cause .
Sezam BBS was founded on November 11 1989 as one of many one phone line / night only Bulletin Board Systems in Belgrade , Yugoslavia .
Letizia Ortiz Rocasolano worked as a Telediario newscaster before engaging and marrying Prince of Asturias Felipe de Borbn .
In 2008 , the History Channel aired an episode of Deep Sea Detectives titled Underwater Train Wreck in which they claim to have found two Pioneer locomotives on the sea bottom off the coast of New Jersey .
The Theory of Constraints and Throughput accounting explicitly avoid that trap .
When a page with a recordset is created by some web design software , an . Mno file is created in the site 's notes folder .
Geldern has the largest Whitsun funfair of the lower Rhine , a street party in summer , and a Christmas Market .
Crosstalk is usually caused by undesired capacitive , inductive , or conductive coupling from one circuit , part of a circuit , or channel , to another .
It has been developed at the Expertise Centre for Digital Media ( Hasselt University , Belgium ) and can render a UIML document using different widget sets and different platforms .
He was born in Prigrevica in 1972.
However , the Modern Indians have seen how adversely the Coalition States have responded to somebody else utilizing " their " SAMAS designs .
During WW2 these Tanks were supplemented by several dozen imported German vehicles .
Very few places in Limbo are stable enough for normal travel .
Libera is associated with Persephone of Greek mythology .
The TRICARE Management Activity contracts with several large health insurance corporations to provide claims processing , customer service and other administrative functions to the TRICARE program .
The net effect of Disemvoweling text is to render it illegible or legible only through significant cognitive effort , thus suppressing unwanted comments and discouraging such comments from being made in future .
The release of Buzzsaw in Cybertron Deluxe wave 3.5 was packaged with a DVD containing the third episode of Transformers : Cybertron , called " Hidden " .
After Strange manipulated the trio into forming the Nightstalkers , the team fought the many supernatural enemies that were emerging , including the Lilin ; Meatmarket ; HYDRA 's Department of Occult Armaments ( DOA ) and its renegade Dracula clone , Bloodstorm , who slaughtered that division , including its chief , Lt.
The composition of the water in Labinsk is reported to resemble the composition of Baden-Baden mineral waters .
The Siren of the title is the call of Datatsushi , summoning the residents of Hanuda to immerse themselves in the red water , thus creating an army of subordinates called nihongo .
Rage left after a brief scuffle , but ended up assisting the Avengers in their next mission .
Indican interferes with many commercial procedures for measuring total bilirubin which can be a problem for renal failure patients where blood indican levels are raised .
The synonyms remainderer , remainderperson , and remainor are found in many legal dictionaries , but despite any political correctness , the terms Remainderwoman and Remainderperson are not used in practice : females in the position of a Remainderman are also termed remaindermen .
Some offer experienced riders the chance to ride along Woolacombe Sands .
WHOI DT2 offers The Daily Buzz newscast , weekday mornings from 6 to 9 AM .
" The History of VAW-122 , " The Hook Summer 1996 Burgess , Rick " Lest We Forget : VAW-122 " Naval Institute Proceedings September 2003.
Features that determine the nature of a Truel include .
Report on a revised plan for the town and region of Gandhidham , Kutch India , prepared for the Government of India Ministry of Transport , and the United States Department of State .
Papoose made his first attempts at rapping at the age of eleven .
Wink was re-introduced several months later as with new packaging as CPlus Wink Twist , a re-formulation that is slightly sweeter than the original .
Persondata DEFAULTSORT : Verbs US-hiphop-bio-stub .
A sequel called BioMetal Gust was released for the Sega Saturn in 1997 , included with the Dezaemon 2 pack .
Rara in Haiti is often used for political purposes , with candidates commissioning songs praising them and their campaigns .
Zul karan , the second son of Churaman said to his brother ,  Give me too a share in those goods and admit me as partner .  A verbal dispute followed and Muhkam made ready to resist by force .
The Lcuma is exported all around the world .
Each different kind of Dan has their own unique characteristic .
In the poem , an Albatross starts to follow a ship , and is seen as a good omen .
Occasionally , the Toxicophore requires bioactivation , modified by an enzyme , to produce a more reactive chemical species that is able to covalently bind to cellular macromolecules .
D-Loc is a member of Kingspade .
During this period the frequency of Creepy and Warren 's other magazines was upped to nine issues per year .
In February 2008 it became apparent that Match would face fresh circulation challenges when it was announced that the BBC would once again be launching Match Of The Day magazine into the weekly football marketplace and Shoot declared their intention to return to weekly publication .
The Diolkos remained reportedly in regular service until at least the middle of the 1st century AD , after which no more written references appear .
In the drama , Ling merely stares at Mars for a long time before Daye comes and calls for him to go .
In the Japanese version , the character 's voice is only credited as " Herself " ; it is unknown who voices Ulala in the Japanese version .
Idir was joined by a number of stars and thousands of Algerian and French fans who turned out to " Le Znith " to support the population in Kabylia .
While Weighting may be applied to a set of data , for example epidemiological data , it is more commonly applied to measurements of light , heat , sound , gamma radiation , in fact any stimulus that is spread over a spectrum of frequencies .
Akoko takes a large percentage of local governments in Ondo state .
Looshkin often plays cruel , sadistic , and nonsensical pranks on Bear , and it is not uncommon for faeces and dismemberment to come into play .
The Szanne flora is a fossil assemblage preserved in freshwater limestone deposits at Szanne , laid down during the Thanetian faunal stage , when Europe enjoyed a tropical climate .
Less often , the Middle Eocene is not used and the Lutetian is united with the Ypresian in the Early Eocene .
As sound elements are mixed and combined together the process necessitates " re-recording " all of the audio elements , such as dialogue , music , sound effects , by the sound Re-recording mixer(s ) to achieve the desired end result , which is the final soundtrack that the audience hears when the finished film is played .
Although strides have recently been made in early diagnosis , Blepharospasm is often initially mis-diagnosed as allergies or " dry eye syndrome " .
Like all sounding rockets , MSSTA flew for approximately 14 minutes per mission , about 5 minutes of which were in space -- just enough time to test a new technology or yield " first results " science .
The Khaniqahi Nimatullahi also publish in Persian , English and other languages , Dr.
During the whole episode , Foxconn was attacked publicly by Journalists in China and some of the exaggerated attacks had been over the edge such that Foxconn was forced to file suit against some of these offending journalists after initial communication failed ( Wang You and Weng Bao of China Business News ) ; some of these false statements including describing Foxconn employees as " wake up earlier than rooster " , " leave work later than hooker " , " work harder than donkey " and " being fed worse than pigs " among others .
Tilea is made up of a number of city states ruled by wealthy Merchant Princes , who constantly bicker among themselves .
This is also the first LarryBoy movie made since Big Idea updated their software for more action sequences and higher quality of animation .
As for North America , Maaza was acquired by House of Spices in 2005.
In the interwar period , after the start of the Great Depression , rivia Railway Yards also become a focal point of the labor movement .
Karai offers the TMNT a deal : if the Turtles kill the Elite , she will offer them a truce with the Foot Clan .
Rip Hunter and Booster escape to the end of the Infinite Crisis , where they witness the secret creation of 2 identical parallel universes , which Mister Mind intends to consume .
Currently , the heaviest starting Guard is Toniu Fonoti of the Carolina Panthers , weighing 390 pounds ( 177 kg ) .
Each Perch pole has a loop at the top into which the performer may insert either a hand or a foot in order to perform a variety of tricks while hanging down from the loop .
Through the latter half of the mission , the fleet stopped in Tarentum , where Democedes made his escape with help from the Tarentian king .
The sum of casualties is known as the Casualty count .
In the meantime Gentleman is also regarded as a popular reggae artist in Jamaica as well , which he regards as an honor , being a European .
Image : WJTV06 . jpg|Current WJTV Logo since 2004.
Such a pointer is called a Null pointer .
In a vector space the Null vector is the zero vector ; in set theory , the null set is the set with zero elements ; and in measure theory , a null set is a set with zero measure .
Null fill in the vertical plane is used to prevent this .
Vissarion claims to be a reincarnation of Jesus .
For many years , Haroldswick Post Office was the most northerly in the UK and visitors could get a special postmark .
The largest existing branch of the Kubrawiya order today is the Oveyssi-Shahmaghsoudi order .
After the main Nomikai is concluded , the attendees often break into smaller groups and move to different bars .
The Tokaleya have a long history in the area .
Improbability is modeled after mathematical probability , but is only related to real probability in the sense that irony is related to chance .
For example , the sentence " Bill seemed to be angry " is a Raising construction , because although Bill is understood semantically to be the subject of to be angry , it is the syntactic subject of seemed .
During the occupation of Latvia by Nazi Germany , LETA was subordinated to the German DNB news agency .
( An in-joke on an episode of the TV animated series has Iago running in panic after his face is turned into that of Gilbert Gottfried ) .
The first president of Kottakkal Panchayath was P.
The low cost of buying a Scratchcard is offset by the smaller prizes and lower expected value , compared to casino jackpots or lottery wins .
The current version of TCC and therefore the underlying 4NT scripting language variant is 9.0 .
Launched in 1995 , it became well known for the usage of the Bobby Approved icon that website authors could use to indicate they have successfully passed the Bobby online test .
ZST rules are unique in the MMA world .
Tobian , English and Sonsorolese language are the official languages of Hatohobei state .
In ancient Chinese works , the Postface is called /  .
Loharu has an average literacy rate of 55 % , lower than the national average of 59.5 % : male literacy is 66 % , and female literacy is 44 % .
Two models were introduced in 2001 , the Bullet Roadster and a supercharged version , called the SS .
" Since the prefix ir- means 'not ' ( as it does with irrespective ) , and the suffix -less means 'without , ' irregardless is a double negative . " Rooney Irregardless is primarily found in North America , most notably in Boston and surrounding areas , where for instance , it was used in the title of a poetry evening 'rregardless of content ' at The Baron of Srebrenica , primarily to keep it in circulation .
When King David sent ambassadors to convey his condolences , Hanun reversed his father 's pro-David policy and humiliated the emissaries , stripping them of their clothes and shaving half of their beards .
DNAS retrieves information about a user 's hardware and software for authentication , copy protection , account blocking , system , rules , or game management and other purposes .
One issue ( dubbed " Oink! goes Peculiar " ) showed everything going wrong in the Oink ! offices , leading to strips being printed upside down or being drawn by the wrong artist etc , as well as the whole issue being printed on a smaller size of paper than usual .
Furthermore , Vkhutemas attracted the interest and several visits from the director of the Museum of Modern Art , Alfred Barr .
Other sources claim the Stromboli was the brainchild of Mike Aquino , Sr.
Most of the different Nguni nations trace their lineage to Mnguni , the king of the unified ( pre-Zulu , pre-Xhosa , pre-Swazi , and pre-Ndebele ) Nguni nation in South Africa .
The PhatBox emulates a CD Changer so it is fully controlled through the existing disc and track buttons on your head unit .
The most famous engine of this type is the Porsche air-cooled Flat-8 engine introduced in a 1,5 L version for Formula 1 that grew up to a 3 L version used in the Porsche 908 Another example is the Australian made Jabiru Aircraft 5100.
Porsche ran some tests with a dual-spark Flat-16 version of the Porsche 917 , but it too was never raced .
There is considerable variation in the expression of Definiteness across languages : some languages use a definite article ( which can be a free form , a phrasal clitic , or an affix on the noun ) to mark a definite noun phrase .
The white Peach of Bivona , in fact , represent , besides a rare deliciousness , the most common cultivation in all region of Bivona .
A subscriber , with knowledge of the Watermark and how it is recovered , can determine ( to a certain extent ) whether significant changes have occurred within the data file .
Galen ( A. D. 129-216 ) , a famous Greek physician , wrote of Praxagoras as this influential figure in Greek medicine and a member of the logical or dogmatic school .
A common tactic of a Shellycoat would be to cry out as if drowning and then laugh at the distracted victim .
The dynamics of Spin- objects cannot be accurately described using classical physics ; they are among the simplest systems which require quantum mechanics to describe them .
The quantity of Adsorbate present on a surface depends on several factors including : adsorbent type , adsorbate type , adsorbate size , adsorbate concentration , temperature , pressure , etc.
Omnibus editions of the best articles from each year 's issues , dubbed Nibble Express , were published annually .
The Kakuyids were given control of Isfahan in or before 1008 by the Sayyida , who held the regencies of her young Buyid sons Majd al-Daula of Ray and Shams al-Daula of Hamadan .
The score of a Star is the number of edge hexagons it touches minus two .
The highest point of the Magaliesberg is reached at Nooitgedacht ( 1 852 metres ) coor d.
One of the main reasons for this is that the Turbojugend Oslo logo can be found on almost every album ! Turbonegro has ever released .
Tom is also the editor of the Clonroche notes for the Echo Newspaper .
The prehistoric shrike Lanius miocaenus has been described from Early Miocene fossils found at Langy , France , though its placement in this genus is not universally accepted due to its fairly high age .
The South West Coast Path traverses through the village and the Cadgwith Cove Inn , local caf , seafood snack shop , and the local general store are regularly used as places to stop over and gain refreshment .
The judge at first instance described the defendant as a menace , having driven in ways that could so easily have killed wholly innocent road users while disqualified , while released on licence having been convicted of other aggravated TWOC offences , and while " out of his head " on ecstasy .
A further Kumbum is at Kumbum Monastery ( Ta'er Si ) near Xining in Qinghai province .
The political origins of the Khartoum affair are unclear .
Note that Arbitrary or random methods in the standard sense of arbitrary may not qualify as arbitrary choices philosophically , if they were done in furtherance of a larger purpose ; in the examples above , discipline in school and avoiding overcrowding at gas stations .
Basic functionality of ALCAP is multiplexing of different users onto one AAL2 transmission path using channel IDs ( CIDs ) .
Eons ago , the Collector lived on an unknown world with his wife and child , spending his days in thought and contemplation .
Willebadessen also has a railway halt from which trains run two-hourly to Warburg and Mnster .
Ethnically , Bosniaks comprise 100 % of the town and municipality population of eoak ( 2005 estimation data ) .
The Schleussner firm began marketing cameras under the ADOX brand name in the first third of the 20th century and , recognizing the growing importance of the brand , renamed itself " Adox Fotowerke Dr. C. Schleussner GmbH . " In 1952 they introduced a line of very sharp 35 mm films under the ADOX brand .
Shchedryk was later adapted to an English Christmas carol , Carol of the Bells , by Peter J. Wilhousky following a performance of the original song by the Ukrainian National Chorus at Carnegie Hall on October 5 , 1921.
The Condrusi were probably located in the region now known as Condroz , named after them , between Lige and Namur .
Fingerprints found around the edge of the bulla may belong to Barakel himself .
They are of great interest to many scientists : geomorphologists are interested in how turloughs were formed , hydrologists try to explain what makes turloughs flood , botanists study the unusual vegetation which covers the Turlough floor and zoologists study the animals associated with the +turloughs .
As a result , WTVG lost its grandfathered protection and was not sold to Gillett Communications along with the other Storer stations in 1987.
This version of Shark is voiced by Googy Gress .
Her later single , " Touch / Yume no Tsuzuki " , first charted at the #15 , After releasing five singles , Younha released her first album entitled " Go ! Younha " .
His books include two collections of contemporary Coyote tales , Elderberry Flute Song and The Other Side of Nowhere , which place Coyote in a number of different guises -- showing Coyote to be funny , wise , sad , and sexual .
The term MOO is used in two distinct , but related , senses .
The content always included fill material , some of which was of considerable interest to fans , for example alternate versions of pages of the Tintin stories , and interviews with authors and artists .
As the typical size of a family car has increased significantly over the past thirty years some garages can no longer be comfortably used to park a car and increasingly the Garage is used as a general storage space .
Robin says " Holy Icicles ! " And then Icicle shoots his freeze ray , but Superman deflects it right back at him with his hands .
The most common derivative of 1,3,5-Triazine is 2,4,6-triamino-1,3,5-triazine , commonly known as melamine or cyanuramide .
In contrast to the Schwebebahn , the H-Bahn needs no drivers , it is driven automatically and is supervised from a control centre .
Hot air rising from lower floors of a building often gets trapped in the Attic , further compounding their reputation for inhospitability .
This means that both Limewire Pro and FrostWire have faster download speeds and broader search results .
The Emela-ntouka is claimed to utter a vocalization , described as a snort , rumble or growl .
The Egg was designed in a typical Jacobsen style , where there was no fear of pushing the material to its limit , and often using entirely new materials to make his designs come true .
Mind does not live in the Truth or possess but only seeks after it and grasps at best some threads from its robe ; the Supermind lives in Truth and its native substance , form and expression ; it has not to seek after it , but possesses it always automatically and is what it possesses .
A common structural theme in O-linked Glycans is the addition of polylactosamine units to the various core structures .
Kashk was traditionally produced from the leftovers of cheese-making ( more specifically , the milk used to make it ) .
The Wizzzer first appeared in the Mattel Catalog in 1969 , with various iterations offered through the early 70 's .
WNDE also airs Cincinnati Reds baseball and ESPN Radio Sunday Night Baseball , along with Purdue University football and men 's basketball and Westwood One 's NFL Football coverage .
The theory of Jivamala is that through meditation one can purify his past lives .
The Late Pliocene fossil described as Actitis balcanica appears to be actually from some indeterminate charadriid .
Marsh was impressed with the hollow interiors of the thin-walled vertebrae , a characteristic that gave the type species its name : Coelurus fragilis .
Antidoron is not considered a sacramental and is explicitly not consecrated during the Eucharist .
The Pliensbachian ended with the extinction event called the Toarcian turnover .
The Kimmeridgian stage follows the Oxfordian stage and precedes the Tithonian stage .
A juvenile specimen of the sauropod Alamosaurus sanjuanensis from the Upper Cretaceous of Big Bend National Park , Texas .
Typically , an Alias will last for the life of the shell session but regularly used aliases can be placed in the shell 's configuration file ( ~/ . cshrc or the systemwide / etc/ csh . cshrc for csh , or ~/ . bashrc or the systemwide / etc/ bashrc or / etc/ bash . bashrc for bash ) so that they will be available for all shell sessions .
The Live CD version of 3.6 was the first KateOS to sport an on disc installer called , allowing the user to directly install to their hard disk after trying the system live .
The creation of Inquisitor was followed by a great deal of information about the Inquisition , and the organization attracted the interest of fans .
Although the Roadian age was ruled by large and small primitive therapsids , these were also accompanied by a rich fauna of stem tetrapods and unspecialized reptiles .
When Catiline left Rome in 63 BC , after Cicero 's first speech , Cethegus remained behind as leader of the conspirators with Lentulus Sura .
Mantzavinata had several persons with the surname Mantzaviatos , one of them founded a subdivision in Patras and is known as Mantzavineika , another the Mantzavinateio Hospital in Lixouri .
Not all Muslims place emphasis on this numerological analysis ; however , some  mostly in Pakistan , India , Myanmar and Bangladesh  use 86 as a substitute for Bismillah ( " In the name of Allah " or " In the name of God " ) .
It can be named anything but must be pointed to by the $DejaGnu environment variable ( set when your terminal loads ) .
There are two types of traction : skin Traction and skeletal traction .
There are roughly 3,500 people who belong to the Naso tribe .
In 2006 , Cahoot ceased all new sales of credit cards , personal loans and mortgages , and it now redirects enquiries for such products to its parent bank , Abbey .
The object of a Drawback is to let commodities which are subject to taxation be exported and sold in a foreign country on the same terms as goods from countries where they are untaxed .
The Olenekian is divided into the Smithian and the Spathian age .
Ajnabee Shehr Mein is another project which is blipping on the radar screens of all major Pakistani movie buffs , where Shaan will be seen alongside greats like Samina Peerzada and the teen heart-throb Ali Zafar .
The lystrosaurids ( below ) and the proterosuchids ( below ) were the only groups of land animals to dominate during the Induan stage .
The Ladinian was preceded by the Anisian Stage and succeeded by the Carnian Stage of the Late Triassic Period .
These malay peoples of Southeast Asia traced back the forefathers coming as far as Yunnan ( now a province of China ) some 5000-10000 years ago , they were Seafarers that migrated along rivers such as Mekong and Irrawady to the Andaman Sea , South China Sea and various locations in the Malay archipelago .
However Ammoron seized power and determined to carry-on the war of his brother .
This was somewhat controversial as Pyjamarama beat the BBC Micro version of the game Elite to the title .
Many of the popular musicians of the early to mid 20th century , including Chuck Berry , Louis Jordan , Little Richard , James Brown , and the members of The Temptations and The Miracles , were well known for sporting the Conk hairstyle .
In one instance Minbari ambassador Delenn used the Triluminary as part of a device which transformed her into a Human-Minbari hybrid .
Similarly John J. Miller , writing for National Review , says : " I find it hard to see the ape Shift in The Last Battle , for example , as anything other than a satire of Roman Catholicism in general and the papacy in particular . " Harvard citation Harvard citation .
As a boy , Carman played the drums and the guitar , and he began singing at 16.
Planet runs on a web server .
The Choli is cut to fit tightly to the body and has short sleeves with a low neck .
The radiation source ( e. g. , laser ) is pointed at the interior of the Hohlraum , rather than on the capsule itself ( a process known as " direct drive " ) , which absorbs and reradiates the energy as X-rays .
The second Predator was an all new truck , also a Chevy Silverado .
Alternate common spellings of Warao are Waroa , Guarauno , Guarao , and Warrau .
Hutchins appeared as Sugarfoot in crossover episodes of Cheyenne and Maverick , and in an installment of Bronco called " The Yankee Tornado " featuring Peter Breck as the young Theodore Roosevelt .
The KS-30 was used for the home defense forces of the USSR and some other Warsaw Pact countries .
It has been enormously popular in The Netherlands and Belgium in the summer of 2006 , and to a lesser extent in 2005 , although oldschool Jumpstyle music is already found at the beginning of the 90s .
Petrie has also been known to refer to himself in a third person , meaning that he calls himself by his own name .
WWWJDIC makes use of a highly modified version of the public domain Tanaka Corpus for examples of sentences using Japanese words .
Stradanus DEFAULTSORT : Stradano ( Stradanus ) , Giovanni Netherlands-painter-stub .
His brand of Rodnovery emphasised the shared roots of Indo-European culture .
When Frans Francken I found a rival in Frans Francken II , he described himself as " the elder " in contradistinction to his son , who signed himself " the younger " .
Masarjawaih translated the medical Pandects of the archdeacon or presbyter Aaron ( fl . c. 610-641 ) from the Syriac into Arabic and added to the thirty chapters of this translation two of his own .
Up to a few hundred years ago , the Louros valley was a bayou .
The name and logo were retired in 1995 as a result of the merger of Shawmut National Corporation and Fleet Financial Group .
In 1995 , big-busted AV idol , Mariko Morikawa starred in Big Tit Monastery (  ) , another Japanese variation on the Nunsploitation genre .
Image : Bartonoldmap . PNG|A map of Barton-le-Clay from 1890.
Despite the name , the original Nanocar does not contain a molecular motor , hence , it is not really a car .
Jhargram has an average literacy rate of 76 % , higher than the national average of 59.5 % : male literacy is 82 % , and female literacy is 71 % .
Sunstreaker is in a totally different class , and he makes no secret of the fact that he knows it .
Joint stereo refers to any number of encoding techniques used for this purpose .
The Berezinian plays a role analogous to the determinant when considering coordinate changes for integration on a supermanifold .
The last of the Dickinsons died without heirs in 1875 , by that time , the mill at Birdsedge was a major employer in the area and the majority of the stone cottages - erected in the 1800s - were housing workers who had moved from outlying areas such as Fulstone to find employment .
Being a buzzword , the term Proactive is ubiquitous but has indeterminate meaning .
( The case was appealed , and the decision of the trial court was upheld on condition that Pennzoil file a remittitur agreeing to a reduction of punitive damages from $3 billion , to $1 billion , while the compensatory damages of $7.53 billon remained unaffected ) Pennzoil paid Mr.
This usually requires a fairly fast Internet connection with a lot of bandwidth and a modest amount of CPU time , as a lot of data will invariably pass through the Supernode and needs to be processed .
Thus , shafts for use in high Torsion are polished to a fine surface finish to reduce the maximum stress in the shaft and increase its service life .
An element g of G is called a Torsion element if g has finite order .
The first Point to point racing amateur horseback race was held at Madresfield in 1836.
The Rhythmicon was publicly premiered in 1932 by Cowell and fellow music educator and theorist Joseph Schillinger .
Though by tradition certain infantry units are based on the Rifleman , they employ a variety of other specialized soldiers in conjunction with the rifleman .
In March 2003 another solo album was released in memory of bonky , titled Bonky 2 which contained some footage of the artist 's funeral .
Martinez Donjun believes that the roots of the Olmec culture lie in Teopantecuanitlan , and a splinter group left Teopantecuanitlan to colonize what we call the Olmec " heartland " .
Emily and Kelroy are a perfect match for each other and quickly fall in love , despite all the attempts Mrs.
Maxwell's also sponsors monthly art exhibits on its walls , with supporting opening events .
However , there are generic abads that some school train in , reserving their uniform Abad for demonstrations .
For example , if the name of the main page were : first , a typical Subpage would be called : first/ second .
The Culverin was adapted for use by the French in the 15th century , and later adapted for naval use by the English in the late 16th century .
In 1891 , Marsh created the new genus Ammosaurus for this species and he subsequently named another species ( Ammosaurus solus ) in 1892 , although scientists now consider it synonymous with A.
Reactance can cause the person to adopt or strengthen a view or attitude that is contrary to what was intended and also increases resistance to persuasion .
The third album Live  Under the Covers was released in July 2004 for promotional use only , and captures Segue performing live at the Red Devil Lounge in San Francisco and Sweetwater in Mill Valley .
In comics , a Script may be preceded by a plot outline , and is almost always followed by page sketches , drawn by an artist and inked , coloured and lettered stages .
Medium type Garri is usually cooked by adding to boiling water and stirred .
Associao Cultural Videobrasil was established in 1991 and , since then , became the major reference center for electronic art in Brazil , as well as one of the most active centers for international interchange among artists , curators , and theoreticians .
The southern border of Kordun touches the Lika region .
Such a dowager will receive the income from her Dower property .
At Rastoke the Slunjica leads into the river Korana , which reaches this point after passing the Plitvice Lakes National Park .
Ewald the Black was the more learned of the two , but both were equally renowned for holiness of life .
In 1995 , Soulsister split .
The tribe today occupies several reservations in southern Florida , principally the Miccosukee Indian Reservation .
Some people dispute whether Toner is actually necessary , and prefer to use plain water instead .
the FORSOCIETY network brings together national Foresight teams from most European countries , and the European Foresight Monitoring Project is collating material on Foresight activities around the world .
A find of a braincase and some postcranial elements was discovered in England in 1867 , and was named Acanthopholis horridus by Thomas Huxley .
Palestinian sources do not mention Dosetai of Biri ( Bacher , " Ag . Pal . Amor . " iii . 695 ; Krauss , in " Monatsschrift " , xli . 561 ) .
Two Catrina figurines , shown to the right , each approximately 38 cm ( 15 in ) tall , are among the collection in the City Museum of Len , Guanajuato , Mexico .
Macroangiopathy , on the other hand , may cause other complications , such as ischemic heart disease , stroke and peripheral vascular disease which contributes to the diabetic foot ulcers and the risk of amputation .
When these turbines are fully completed Kilgarvan will be home to the largest Onshore Wind turbines in Ireland .
When the game begins however , the player can only control the Red Shinobi , and his only form of attack is a short-range katana slash .
There is only one remaining hamlet called Chadkirk , south-east of Manchester and near Stockport in Cheshire , in the North-West of England .
When the two are attacked by an owl , the predator knocks Stellaluna out of her mother 's safe embrace .
A clip of the YYZ intro cover from the earlier mentioned Suck on This is played at the beginning of their song To Defy the Laws of Tradition on the Frizzle Fry album .
 to Phrarajbhavanavisudh ( Ven . Dhammajayo Bhikkhu ) , the president of Dhammakaya Foundation whose work in dissemination of Buddhism for more than 30 years is vitally recognized .
Early studies suggested that Methimazole may harm the fetus , although more recent studies suggest this may not be the case .
A dirt track also goes 200 km north-north-east to Kalabo from the Kalongola Ferry south of Senanga , but it is in very poor condition .
Human resistance , however , has managed to make a fully functional battle E-frame out of it , that later became known as #DW-240 .
The depositary has legal title to the ICVC investments and is responsible for their safe custody .
In the summer of 2004 , KGNU acquired a second frequency , 1390 AM in Denver ; the first time that a community radio station expanded into a major radio market by purchasing a station .
It shows a fragment of Ivan Franko 's poem Veselka , written in the Drahomanivka , beside the poet 's portrait .
An inventory dating from 1499 , which was not discovered until 1975 , lists the property of Lorenzo di Pierfrancesco and his brother Giovanni and states that in the 15th century the Primavera had been displayed in Florence 's city palace .
A related autoscopic disorder known as Negative Autoscopy ( or Negative Heautoscopy ) is a psychological phenomenon in which the sufferer does not see his or her reflection when looking in a mirror .
Also , NetInfo Manager has been removed .
It starts with a romantic courtship between Saraswatichandra and Kumud , followed by a complex plot where Kumud ends up a Sadhwi ( a minister or a preacher ) and spends a life of celibacy .
On February 19 , 2009 , which is the end of the digital TV conversion period for full-service stations , KPDF-CA will be required to turn off its analog signal and turn on its digital signal ( called a " flash-cut " ) .
They speak the Abron language .
Foley spent many years playing in Columbus , Ohio where he was born and raised , composing and recording his own music .
In a case against the maker of a program similar to MacTheRipper , the court found that " the downstream uses of the software , whether legal or illegal , are not relevant to determining whether itself is violating the statute " .
Footballfish females differ from those of other ceratioid families by their shortened , blunt snout ; along with the chin , it is covered in sensory papillae .
Like all Turkish cities Aydn is now spreading as the middle-classes are leaving their flats in the city for smarter apartments or houses slightly out of town .
Writers disagree in how much of the shield 's surface is to be covered by the Chief , ranging from one-fourth to one-third .
Writers broadly agree that the width of the Pale ranges from about one-fifth to about one-third of the width of the shield .
Colloquially , it is often heard in the phrase , " a Hotbed of activity . " The term has varying , specific meanings in diverse fields , such as economics and biology .
The cell resulting from Polyspermy , on the other hand , contains three or more copies of each chromosome -- one from the egg and one each from multiple sperm .
However , the Berkeley was not well-maintained in its gift shop incarnation and 12 years of serious deterioration took a toll .
Lameo irrigation and sedimentation at Capinota cover 228 ha and more than 200 farmers participate in it .
Plusso delivered the bishop 's head on a stake in the Radegast temple at Rethra and danced with his wife Guidda ( sister to Gottschalk ) , celebrating the sacrifice .
Sebastian 's College , Prince of Wales ' College , Moratuwa , Princess of Wales College , Moratu Maha Vidyalaya and Our Lady of Victories Convent .
Ten years later in 1998 , a sequel , V2000 ( also known as Virus 2000 ) , was released on the PC and PlayStation .
Province of Macerata geodata-check Camerino .
They dazzled the audience with their Quick-change act , but irritated the judges with their amateur singing rendition of Madonna 's song , Material World .
Both of these classes of Capsule are made both from gelatine and from plant-based gelling substances like carrageenans and modified forms of starch and cellulose .
Genette states " More than a boundary or a sealed border , the Paratext is , rather , a threshold . " It is " a zone between text and off-text , a zone not only of transition but also of transaction : a privileged place of pragmatics and a strategy , of an influence on the public , an influence that ... is at the service of a better reception for the text and a more pertinent reading of it " .
A classic Roadster had a lugged brazed steel frame , rod brakes , flat handlebars , a single gear ratio or Sturmey-Archer 3-speed hub gears , a chaincase , steel mudguards , cottered steel cranks , steel rims , and often a Sturmey-Archer Dynohub hub dynamo .
Image : hepingensis2 . jpg|Skull of Sinraptor hepingensis , Beijing Museum of Natural History .
Some of the parts of Bistrica are : Savina , Tozin Sokak ( onsi ) , arengrad ( Jamajka ) , Satelit ( a separate settlement in the past ) , Mali Satelit ( Little Satelit , a part of Satelit ) , Tozinovac ( a part of Satelit ) , Rasadnik ( Radna Zona Zapad ) , Zapadna Privredna Zona .
The Primary school is a prominent landmark , along with Konini road itself ; a long bending street that moves from the suburb of Glen Eden to the idyllic setting of the Waitakere Ranges and native rain forest .
The simplest way to rectify the problem of Perhexiline toxicity is to stop administering the drug and allowing the plasma concentration to fall ; .
The office was not hereditary , the Advocatus being chosen , either by the abbot alone , or by the abbot and bishop concurrently with the count .
The diaphragm of a photo camera is not strictly an example of Apodization , since the stop does n't produce a smooth transition to zero intensity , nor does it provide shaping of the intensity profile ( beyond the obvious all-or-nothing , " top hat " transmission of its aperture ) .
On August 27th 1980 , it was decided to establish ( Organization of the Nationalistic and Islamic Khabat of the Iranian Kurdistan ) .
Blogcritics Forums - A moderated discussion board for Blogcritics , Desicritics , GlossLip , and BlogCritics Goodie Bag writers and editors to discuss issues .
Where the electrocardiogram detects muscular activity in various regions of the heart , the Electrogastrogram detects the wave-like contractions of the stomach ( peristalsis ) .
After the success of the BeerTender , Philips reentered the market , with a similar product called PerfectDraft , which was done in cooperation with Interbrew .
Coldwave record labels had a notoriously short lifespan , and the genre , while quite popular in the industrial scene between 1992 and 1996 , is a very small niche market today .
#1 ( June 1968 ) , #5 ( October 1968 ) , The Avengers #72 ( January 1970 ) , Defenders #46 ( April 1977 ) , #48-49 ( June-July 1977 ) , #50 ( August 1977 ) , West Coast Avengers Annual #1 ( 1986 ) , West Coast Avengers #26-28 ( November 1987-January 1988 ) , Wolverine/ Nick Fury : The corpio Connection ( 1989 ) , Fury #1 ( May 1994 ) , and Fury of S. H. I. E. L. D.
In this show , they are aliens based on the Zodiac constellations .
Merzifon is twinned with the city of Pleasant Hill , California .
The SASDK is used to create Web-based applications only .
Pilgrims Pre-Preparatory School is an independent school located on Brickhill Drive .
Being created by Hasbro after the TV series had finished by Takara , Demolishor does not appear in the television series .
The Walkaloosa Horse Association was formed in 1983 to preserve the gaited appaloosa patterned horses for future generations .
Another example of a Hydrosere is Loch a ' Mhuilin , located on the Isle of Arran , Scotland .
The symbol of Archenfield and , specifically , of the town of Ross-on-Wye is the hedgehog , known in Middle English , and locally , as an " urchin " .
Like a bit , a Hackamore can be gentle or harsh , depending on the hands of the rider .
Information on past and current issues is available on the Femspec homepage ( http : / /www . femspec . org ) .
Parademon is shown expressing amusement at the tortures ; he had undergone much worse while living on Apokolips .
The Braces are fixed to the outer ends of the yards , and are led to the deck as far aft as possible .
Tempo first appeared in DJ Joe 's album DJ Joe 4 .
In 1996 Polferries approved quality assurance system the International Safety Management Code ( ISM ) .
The Holder is usually positioned between seven and eight yards behind the line of scrimmage .
Because the quarterback does not look for the Checkdown pass until after he has scanned for open wide receivers down the field for about 3-4 seconds , the defensive line has had time to enter the backfield and so a checkdown pass is often thrown in the face of pressure from the defensive line .
The Yelamu lived on the northern tip of the San Francisco Peninsula in the region comprising the City and County of San Francisco before the arrival of Spanish missionaries in 1769.
A Sprachraum does not necessarily follow national borders .
Currently , the PNC TV news is broadcast live nightly at 6 pm , then rebroadcast on KEQI ( Fox-6 ) at 7 pm and 10:30 pm , as well as on KTGM after ABC prime time programming at 10 pm .
The Hyoglossus depresses and retracts the tongue .
Afutu speak efutu language , which is similar to the Ga language .
Laingholm is characterised by its natural beauty ; it is located on the shores of the Manukau Harbour and nestled within the picturesque Waitakere Ranges , it offers one of the few opportunities left in the Auckland region to live in a natural environment .
According to the 2006 Form 990 filed with the IRS by Awana Clubs International , ACI reported gross revenues of $45,595,800 --- significantly higher than the amounts reported for both 2004 ( $41,464,006 ) and 2005 ( $41,513,499 ) within the Awana " 2004-2005 Financial Highlights " report , but this gross revenue variation may be due to a timing difference with the actual start and end date of the ACI tax year or a transfer of funds between the various Awana EOs .
The Sarimanok originates from an Islamic legend .
Since the rapid increase of population , the occupation of Kakching people has changed towards business , government job other many trends .
The Sidecut depth is measured as the distance between the waist of the board and an imaginary straight line that strikes both of the contact points at the tip and tail .
In 2003 Gwendolyn was recognized at L. A.
On May 20 , 1869 , a part of the territory of Clichy-sous-Bois was detached and merged with a part of the territory of Livry-Gargan and a small part of the territory of Gagny to create the commune of Le Raincy .
In Greek mythology , Perseus used the severed snake-haired head of the Gorgon Medusa as a shield with which to turn his enemies to stone .
Sir Donald Sinden wrote to The Times in 2001 to clarify that the term held no sexual connotation : " Although they had ample opportunity , at no time did any of them even hint that Earnest was a synonym for homosexual , or that Bunburying may have implied homosexual sex . The first time I heard it mentioned was in the 1980s and I immediately consulted Sir John Gielgud whose own performance of John Worthing in the same play was legendary and whose knowledge of theatrical lore was encyclopaedic . He replied in his ringing tones : " No-No ! Nonsense , absolute nonsense : I would have known .
Students earn such degrees at a free-standing seminary , theologate or Divinity school , or at a university .
As evidenced by contemporary artwork , the Kontos was about 4 meters long though longer examples may have existed ; later Parthian and Sassanian clibinarii ( Middle Persian : Grivpanvar ) reportedly used kontoi of longer lengths ; only highly trained cavalrymen such as those fielded by the Arsaco-Sassanian dynasties could have practically used such weapons .
Bacchus holds in his right hand a goblet of wine and in his left a tigerskin , an animal associated with the god " for its love of the grape " ( according to Michelangelo 's biographer Ascanio Condivi ) .
Phrograms user interface is available in several different languages by replacing the default xml file with a localized file , available in the downloads area of the Phrogram site .
It was recorded by Nicklas Barker and Peter Nordins of Anekdoten , along with Stefan Dimle and Reine Fiske of fellow Swedish progressive rock band Landberk .
Sometimes mistaken for a ukulele , the Jarana jarocha comes in at least four sizes , the smallest being the 'mosquito ' , about the size of a soprano +ukulele ; the 'primera ' , about the size of a concert ukulele ; the 'segunda ' , in length between a tenor and a baritone ukulele ; and the 'tercera ' , which is somewhat longer than the baritone ukulele .
Xwd can be run in two ways : if user specifies the whole screen or the name or identifier of a window as an argument , the program captures the content of the window ; otherwise , it changes the shape of the cursor and waits for the user to click in a window , whose content is then captured .
He remade the piece in 1980 for Thames Television , as Rhubarb Rhubarb .
Boring is used to achieve greater accuracy of the diameter of a hole , and can be used to cut a tapered hole .
The population of Szentistvn is on the decrease , unfortunately , because some of its young inhabitants move into larger towns .
A Ranchu has an egg-shaped body with a deep belly that is between 5/ 8 to 3/ 4 the length of the fish .
Before being vanquished , Barbas stated that he would return again because " fear always comes back " .
The main difference between ZBrush and more traditional modeling packages is that it is more akin to sculpting .
Novell manufactures an XForms processor plugin for Internet Explorer , which also provides support for the Canvas element .
In episode 39 of the series , " Crisis , " Megatron attempts to use the Hydra-Cannon , mounted aboard a spaceship , to destroy Earth .
The legend of Narakasura is important in the history of Assam since Narakasura is cited as the progenitor of many dynasties that ruled Kamarupa in historical times .
Some other armies/ peoples of Aarklash can also be played as allies in the game .
The space enclosed by the Welt is then filled with cork or some other filler material ( usually either porous or perforated , for breathability ) , and the outsole is both cemented and stitched to the welt .
They assigned UHF channel 32 to KOLD-TV to build its DTV facilities .
Producers of Symphony wines include Ironstone , Chateau De Baun and Sebastiani .
By collecting data from a variety of sources , ASDE-X is able to track vehicles and aircraft on airport surfaces and obtain identification information from aircraft transponders .
But a broad Jacobus ( as I find by weighing some of them ) is the 38th part of a pound Troy .
Manetho writes that Nekauba is supposed to have succeeded Stephinates the founder of the 26th Dynasty--perhaps Tefnakht II--and was , in turn , followed by the well known Necho I , father of Psamtik I.
Austrade also provides financial assistance to Australian exporters through the Export Market Development Grants ( EMDG ) scheme .
WSPD carries the Indians ' weeknight and some weekend games , while WCWA carries weekday and other weekend games .
This integer is usually an index on a table of Open files for the process .
Water-in-oil creams are more difficult to handle but many drugs which are incorporated into creams are hydrophobic and will be released more readily from a water-in-oil Cream than an oil-in-water cream .
The second , , features Raven taking four teams of four warriors to an Eastern land ( actually filmed in India , but never mentioned on the show as such ) after his home was frozen by Nevar .
The small hamlet with the original name Vogtsburg belonged to Oberbergen .
Gorispolkom ( " gorod " ( city ) + " ispolkom " ) was an Ispolkom of city Soviet , raiispolkom , was an ispolkom of a city raion soviet .
NBAP is subdivided into Common and Dedicated NBAP ( C-NBAP and D-NBAP ) , where Common NBAP controls overall Node B functionality , and Dedicated NBAP controls radio links to specific user equipment .
Also , a few Monkey species have the word " ape " in their common name .
One Decare ( from deka , 10 and are ) is the same as 10 ares , which is the same as 1000 square metres .
On one side of the 7 " was the Hickey song " Food Stamps and Drink Tickets " and the other side members of Hickey played the trumpet that was stolen from Voodoo Glow Skulls over the answering machine messages left by Voodoo Glow Skulls members and Epitaph Records employees demanding the return of the instrument . The 7 " also falsely had the Epitaph Records logo on the back as Epitaph had no official part in the release .
1 Reprimo has also been foud to be associated with the develeopment of esophageal adenocarcinaoma ( see Esophageal cancer ) , and could be a potential biomarker for early detection .
The Heliothane fear that Cowl is trying to push them from the main time line , and try anything in their power to stop him .
The 13th arrondissement is home to Chinatown and has as a small vibrant North African population but the area of the Butte-aux-Cailles rather assembles a young trendy and festive Parisian population gathering in the bars and restaurants .
The PPSh-41 was classic example of a design adapted for mass production ( other examples of such wartime design were the M3 Grease Gun , MP40 and the Sten ) .
Her horse Perfectly Poised was found to have traces of the banned substance Boldenone in its system after finishing second at Canterbury in April 2007.
Mr. Plotz , the studio head , also suffers from Coulrophobia ( though not to the same degree as Wakko ) and gets revenge on the clown by forcing him to continue trying to entertain Wakko .
If the contestant answered all three questions correctly , he/ she won a jackpot that started with $5,000 and a prize package ( the " Battlestars Bonanza " ) , ( usually , $10,000 or more to start ) with another prize added everytime it was not won .
Nighthawk finishes with kicking Whiteface , snapping his neck and knocking him into the treatment water to finally die .
Notable here is the fact that this Crucifix is nude .
Nemom block panchayat consists of 7 grama panchayats namely , Maranalloor , Balaramapuram , Pallichal , Malayinkeezh , Vilappil , Vilavoorkal and Kalliyoor .
The nursery is located at a forest spot beside Tumkur-Devarayanadurga bus route .
This meant that blinds and curtains were specially developed to be fitted into the Sunroom without damaging the stability of the structure .
An Agal is usually constructed of black cord wrapped tightly around a core of goat wool or bunched fabric .
The Shadbelly coat is part of a formal wear category known as the tailcoat .
During the Austrian rule of Bosnia-Herzegovina the ironworks of Vare were an important exporter of various iron products to the rest of the Habsburg empire .
Having a low Ping is always desirable because lower latency provides smoother gameplay by allowing more frequent updates of game data .
Itaparica can be reached in about 1 hour by ferry from Salvador .
The Treaty of Wedmore is a term used by Historians for an event referred to by the monk Asser in his Life of Alfred , outlining how in 878 the Viking leader Guthrum accepted Alfred the Great as his adoptive father .
There are several types of Agitator with the most common are the " straight-vane " and " dual-action . " The " straight-vane " is a one-part agitator with bottom and side fins that usually turns back and forth .
39e02 63 .
Amphinome killed herself with a sword .
The BIX cross-connect system as a whole is certified for Category-5e .
The philosopher John Toland argued that Impenetrability and extension were sufficient to define matter , a contention strongly disputed by Gottfried Wilhelm Von Leibniz .
Jotoki resemble large , spindly starfish .
Due to the ability to edit recorded visual works , it is typically much shorter than a Scene in theater .
The Mindel originates west of Kaufbeuren , in the Allgu region , and flows generally north .
The entry , exit , or exchange of matter through the Leak is called leakage , the subject of another disambiguation article .
The Berlin-made Gilka Kmmel , goes through a longer distillation process and has a smoother taste than the Russian kmmels , and it has become the accepted standard of Kmmel quality for the past century .
The BaseBean is an example of an anti-pattern ( where the " Bean " part of the name comes from the standard Java naming convention for a generic entity object , or JavaBean ) .
In hemidesmosomes Plectin has been shown to interact with the integrin 4 subunits of the hemidesmosome plaque and function in a clamp like manner to crosslink the intermediate filament , cytokeratin to the junction .
Impalement is used in heraldry to denote union .
Few basque surnames were of patronymic origin , but there are some ; and Marielarena could be one of them , meaning ( son ) of the sailor ; but it could also been the name of a house : ( house ) of the sailor .
It may cause a local burning sensation and irritation , this may be minimised by careful attention to the details of treatment and only gradually stepping up through the strengths of Dithranol formulations .
The crew of Elektrichka consists of a driver and an assistant driver .
But how many of them flip through the utograph book and rewind their memories in the later stages of their life .
Perla # Poppaldinn # Ungfr Oradrepir # ( Inn  ) Kristalntt # Allt Sem  Lest Er Lygi # Dramafkill # Kerfisbundin r # Nnast lglegt # Musick # Life In A Fishbowl # My Favourite Excuse # Over Me , Under Me disc 2 : Lystaukar 1993 - 2004 # Liquid Substance ( by DeLpHi ) # Aftur , Aftur Og Aftur ( by Dadrengir ) # Musick ( by Quarashi ) # Mn Upphalds Afskun ( by gusGus ) # Maus Kynntir # snortinn # Fingurgmakvia # Kemur Og Fer # Life In A Fishbowl # Crawl # Blskjr # Snjkngur # Tvhfa Erindreki # etta Er Ekki Byrjun , Bara Nr Endir # ungur Hnfur # Far  Himni # Beittur Trarbrgum # Bs 12 " Deepnightwalk " is an English language version of " Djpnturgangan ; " " ( Inn  ) Kristalntt " is an acoustic version of " Kristalntt . " " Liquid Substance " is a remix of " Replacing My Bones ; " " Aftur , Aftur Og Aftur " is a remix of " Life In A Fishbowl ; " " Musick " is a remix of " Musick ; " " Mn Upphalds Afskun " is a remix of " My Favourite Excuse . " Tracks 5-9 on disc 2 are live recordings , and tracks 10-18 are demos .
The holotype of Aeolosaurus rionegrinus consists of a series of seven tail vertebrae , as well as parts of both forelimbs and the right hindlimb .
, Minister of Whittingehame , with a Foreword by Lady Frances Balfour , Edinburgh , 1929.
For example , an 8"x 4 " under Purlin would support the center of a row of 6"x 2 " rafters that in turn would support 3"x 2 " roof purlins to which the roof cladding was fixed .
Tutorial D is an abstract instantiation of D which is described and used in The Third Manifesto .
Inhabitants of Brtigny-sur-Orge are known as Brtignolais .
Inhabitants of Ris-Orangis are known as Rissois .
GlassFish is based on source code donated by Sun and Oracle Corporation 's TopLink persistence system .
Because the original cover displayed nudity , the album is sold in Wal-Mart stores with an alternate cover , simply the Wolfmother logo against a black background .
Channel 4 's The Big Breakfast once visited a house near Greasby Infant School , the front of which was painted like that year 's England World Cup shirt .
The Epigonion was invented , or at least introduced into Greece by Epigonus of Ambracia , a Greek musician of Ambracia in Epirus , who was admitted to citizenship at Sicyon as a recognition of his great musical ability and of his having been the first to pluck the strings with his fingers , instead of using the plectrum .
If you have a RAW image , you can use different Demosaicing than is built into the camera , often yielding higher quality .
In 2004 , after 20 years and AUS$45 million worth of exhaustive research and prolific patenting , Florigene and Suntory scientists announced to the world the development of the first rose in the pipeline to a true blue rose .
Currently , most colleges in Ireland will only accept students with a pass grade in the Irish Leaving Certificate .
The acquisition was completed on 25 February , 2008 with the delisting of Altadis from the Bolsa de Madrid .
The elderly woman was shown holding a gigantic prop jar of one of the meaty varieties of Prego , saying , " I finally found it ! " It was a reference to her earlier work in ads for Wendy 's Restaurants and the catch phrase , " Where 's the Beef ? " Wendy 's had not authorized her appearance in the Prego commercial and stopped using Peller in its campaigns .
Venom went into release in the fall of 2005 -- only a few weeks after Hurricane Katrina devastated much Southeast Louisiana , making the film seem unfortunately topical .
CINVESTAV is affiliated to Mexico 's National Polytechnic Institute and receives an annual subsidy from the government to fund its operations .
Shankar Dayal Sharma served as chief minister of Bhopal state from 1952 to 1956 , and later became President of India from 1992 to 1997.
As of 31 December 2004 , the comune ( municipality ) of Capraia Isola had a population of 366.
Junket is not common in the United States .
" Ontogenetic growth of the dinosaurs Massospondylus carinatus and Syntarsus rhodesiensis " .
It has been reported that weight has always been an issue for mme , sometimes causing self-esteem issues .
Bulwell Hall is locally still nicknamed " Chinatown " because of the Sankeys ' manufacturing output : whenever local buildings were being excavated , lots of earthenware pots were discovered .
If the Arc segment occupies a great circle ( or great ellipse ) , it is considered a great-arc segment .
Following the fall play , The Pennington School drama society was invited to perform the Stargirl adaptation on the stage at the Edinburgh Fringe Festival in August , 2007.
Catullus , upon his return home from a long voyage , joyously describes Sirmio as " Paene insularum , Sirmio , insularumque ocelle " ( jewel of islands and of peninsulas ) in his Carmen XXXI , Ad Sirmium insulam .
With an Otoscope , it is possible to see the outer ear and middle ear .
These young men revitalized WNTH and brought a new desire for students to join the station resulting from their great dedication to the station 's success .
In some countries , wood fire flues are often built into a heat preserving construction within which the Flue gases circulate over heat retaining bricks before release to the atmosphere .
In the 2003 Botcon voice actor play , Armada Megatron appeared wielding the Dark Saber , of which Armada Jetstorm was a member .
A shooting jacket is a type of Sportcoat with a leather patch on the front shoulder to prevent wear from the butt of a shotgun or rifle , frequently with matching leather patches on the elbow .
Former Outwars players successfully petitioned IGZ to add an Outwars lobby .
This makes sand boils an easy Paleoliquefaction feature to locate using aerial photography .
Other macroglobulins include alpha-2 Macroglobulin , which is elevated in nephrotic syndrome , diabetes , severe burns , and other conditions , while a deficiency is associated with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease .
Each Stunticon was sold separately ( with parts to combine into Menasor included with Motormaster ) .
In 1961 , the Washington Post reported that two new " space age " drinks were being served in London , the Cosmonaut and the Astronaut ( Bourbon based ) .
A 16-valve G60 engine was used in the ultra-rare Golf Limited , of which only 71 were produced , all with four-wheel drive .
The British described Cheema as a powerful and united , but quarrelsome tribe .
Rowetta continued to work as a backing singer during the late 1980s and 1990s , including providing backing vocals for Inner City and for Simply Red 's Stars album .
Important stages in life were also marked by the painting of a Minhwa picture .
Critics rated Temptation generally positively , with laut . des Stefan Johannesburg praising Monrose and their team for wisely finding a very " British and catchy " musical middle ground between the Pussycat Dolls and Destiny 's Child .
The lake Walchsee does have area of about 2,5 km and its average temperature is 21 .
The depth of the bowl varies , though they are typically not deeper than those of a mortar ; deeper Metate bowls indicate either a longer period of use or greater degree of activity ( i. e. , economic specialization ) .
( now part of Red Hat ) hired Sergey Koshcheyev , the current lead developer of NHibernate , to work full-time on its future versions .
On May 25 , 2004 , WRDV changed the Bensalem frequency to 97.1 FM .
There was a Royal Air Force station at Pucklechurch from 1952 to 1962 , when the site was transferred to HM Prison Service .
The village of North Nibley is some 10 miles away to the North .
It is approximately enclosed by the River Severn to the north , The Chessell Pill Rhine to the east , the south meets the village of Pilning at the end of Redwick Road ( by the Cross hands Public House ) and the western edge finishes inline with mainlne of the railway prior to its entry to the Severn Tunnel .
The Cantref is thought to be the original unit , with the commotes being a later division .
God 's will #La ( Nothingness ) -- For getting acquaintance with material lessness , or non-material universe +# : Adam ( Pre-existence ) -- Next level of Muraqaba of Nothingness .
The most ubiquitous types of Inquiline are those found in association with the nests of social insects , especially ants and termites  a single colony may support dozens of different inquiline species .
In particular , any discrete computer can be encoded in a Bitstring , usually called a software program .
When Conan sees his home village of Grannach burnt to the ground by the mysterious Vulture cult , he begins his quest for revenge against them .
WMSC broadcasts 24 hours a day , 7 days a week during the semester and slightly less often during school breaks .
In Ponnani , 13 % of the population is under 6 years of age .
There is a large Nawayath diaspora community of economic migrants working in the Arab states of the Persian Gulf .
However , the Kanni does not possess the grand features of these breeds .
After the close of World War II , members of the SS-Hauptamt were branded as war criminals because it was this office which had maintained the " paper trail " for such activities as the Einsatzgruppen and the commission of the Holocaust by other branches of the SS .
A Superlens is able to beat the diffraction limit .
The General Electric R30 cars as well as the R30As were overhauled in 1985.
The last of the R30A cars were retired from passenger service in 1993.
Their traditional language , Denaina , currently has about 70-75 fluent speakers out of a total population of about 1400.
According to Chris Claremont : " Basically , the notion behind Vargas is that nature , abhoring a vacuum and perceiving one in the appearance of mass numbers of super-powered mutants , is attempting to redress the imbalance by jump-starting Humanity to a level where they can compete with mutants and super-beings on relatively equal terms . " Vargas seems to the first known representative of the primary humanity 's response and potential to cope with the growing number of genetically different humans which threatens the future of the conventional humans .
For system or mechanical engineers , the use of PROFINET minimizes the costs for installation , engineering and +startup .
Brendan Everman and Cameron Hendrick were the champions of the first Caps tournament .
The people of hatkal are typically called " Bhatkallies " and have since the 1960 's spread afar , including UK , America , Australia but more so across the Middle East especially Dubai .
Household microwave ovens are equipped with nterlock switches which disable the magnetron if the door is opened .
The Dogshank is shown in Figure 82.
When making a Cassata , the layers of cheese can be substituted by layers of gelato ( Italian ice cream ) with the final product similar to an ice cream cake .
A scientific paper Towards quantitative tools for analysing qualitative properties of virtual communities published in INDECS 2(2 ) contains a simple quantitative analysis of the inner dynamics of Znanost.org between March 2003 and January 2004.
The Cabaletta formed as part of an evolution from early 19th century arias containing two contrasting sections at different tempi within a single structure into more elaborate arias with musically distinct movements .
It would be a challenge to race up , keep speed with them and repair them as they moved across the planet - for those repair-bots can never stop ! It takes keen mind , nimble fingers and super-charged engines to make Velocitron keep on ticking - and Brakedown is just the bot for the job .
The Josefsplatz is centred on a full-sized statue and monument of Joseph II , Holy Roman Emperor mounted on a horse ( 1795-1806 , by sculptor Franz Anton Zauner ) .
Sanskriti actually comprises three independent five-day culfests of the Faculties of Arts , Science and Engineering in Jadavpur University .
This means that a Foul will not be called if the referee feels that letting play continue is more advantageous to the fouled team than stopping play for a free kick .
Purgatori recovered just in time to be swallowed by the Uncreation Wave .
CPg gained considerable underground popularity among fans , however , by then the music industry and authorities were also on the lookout .
Rubble naturally found in the soil is known also as brash ( compare cornbrash ) .
His son Nikolay Nikolayevich , a geographer , who wrote a novel on the life of the first Bobrinsky , lived in Moscow until his death in 2000.
The Denfeld High School serves most of West Duluth ; six neighborhoods farther to the west ; Lincoln Park ; and Piedmont Heights ; and is an architectural icon of the neighborhood .
The Fiddler has appeared in the Justice League Unlimited episode " Flash and Substance . " He has an unvoiced cameo .
Divorce decrees and their ancillary orders .
The broadband SPACEWAY system was standardized by Telecommunications Industry Association and European Telecommunications Standards Institute as the Regenerative Satellite Mesh - A Air Interface .
who thereafter sold the company to the current owner , hippendales USA .
The Muslim Jats of the Hala gotra are found in Sindh , while Hindu and Sikh Jats belonging to this gotra are found in Uttar Pradesh and Punjab ( India ) .
However , Dreamwave 's closure means that more stories of Gnaw can not be told .
Karwasra gotra came from 'Dahiya ' gotra usually found in Rajasthan , Haryana and Uttar Pradesh in India .
In Pakistan , the Khokhar ( Urdu :   ) are considered to be a Punjabi tribe , who were one of the tribes of central Asia , who migrated into India in the 9th or 10th century .
By 1675 , the Gonja established a paramount chief , called the Yagbongwura , to control the kingdom .
Yudhvir Sehrawat - General Secretary to All India Jat Mahasabha , and a social worker .
So , Madduwatta had conquered the whole of western Anatolia .
In January of 2007 the latest incarnation of Moev , Tom and Julie Ferris , released the single " A Thousand Lashes " from a forthcoming album " Ventilation " .
Japanese star anise ( Illicium anisatum ) is used in Japan to produce incense , but its fruits are toxic if ingested .
The first full soundtrack , Blood Original Soundtrack 1 , was released on April 26 , 2006.
The development has expanded inhabited Gedera by over 10 kilometers and established a new downtown zone in former grasslands .
Chindia Rising .
Woolhope has a football team called Woolhope Allstar Moles FC .
Finlands Slot Machine Association , or Raha-automaattiyhdistys ( RAY ) , the manufacturer of today 's Payazzo machines , uses the word payazzo as the English-language word for pajatso .
Recently , youths from Clehonger shot at the bus driver of the 449 Hereford-Madley bus , breaking both the windscreen and back window of the vehicle , resulting in the discontinuation of the 18:49 bus .
Following the arrest of the conspirators in the Bendlerblock , General Olbricht , Graf von Stauffenberg , Werner von Haeften and Albrecht Ritter Mertz von Quirnheim , all members of the uprising , were executed that same night in the courtyard of the building , by firing squad .
" The Pop Life : To Save Jajouka , How About a Mercedes in the Village ? " .
Kids , which was originally launched in 2002 as Martha Stewart Kids , specialized in projects that children could make , either by themselves or along with their parents .
It has been reported that Rosoboronexport will be folded into a state holding company called Russian Technology by the end of the year 2007.
Meetro grew and enjoyed press coverage for its atypical live/ work ethic , including a front page story in the San Francisco Chronicle .
Papa ( Chief Executive Officer and President ) and Moshe Arkin ( Vice Chairman , Vice Chairman of Perrigo Global Generics , Vice Chairman of API , General Manager of Perrigo Global Generics , and General Manager of API ) .
However , Leonatos has other plans though and to kill the Daemon , the Blade Encarmine had to be used , but Leonatos threw it to his men and stayed behind to cover them ensuring their quest was completed .
Lemartes leads those members of the Blood Angels who have given in to the Black Rage .
Dholpur was merged with three neighbouring states to form the Matsya union within the union of India , and was later merged with several other such unions to form the present-day state of Rajasthan .
However , a contradictory example would be Jimmy Mauger , the skinniest man alive , who is also kind , highly fertile , and excels in social relationships .
The band makes a reference to the book Daughters of Copper Woman , by Anne Cameron , in which a Pacific Northwest tribe 's saga refers to a young woman who put all the self-hatred she felt for her own secretions ( tears , sweat , mucus , menstrual blood ) into fashioning a Snotboy/ Spitboy , which she buried in the dirt .
At the actual Kennedy assassination a bus boy , Juan Romero , cradled Bobby in his arms and placed a rosary in his hands .
A candidate may engage in Pandering out of desperation if s/ he is already losing a race , or if polls taken prior to an election show others as being in the lead .
In addition to winter sports , Laax is also known for summer sports such as hiking , downhill biking , and mountain biking .
Before September 1995 , WAGT had virtually no newscasts aside from cut-ins during Today and Top 'o the Day , a 30-minute weekday noon news and lifestyle show .
In May 2008 , Radar was nominated for a general excellence award by the American Society of Magazine Editors , which praised the magazine for its editorial excellence , provocative content and aesthetic flair .
Captain America becomes the Mar-Vell child 's guardian and embarks on a worldwide quest with his new ward to obtain various items in order to deal with Earth 's restless mutant population and prepare for an impending war in the Realm of the Dead .
Beast confirmed that whenever Anole loses a limb , a stronger version of that limb grows in .
A Hamd is usually written in either Arabic , Persian , Punjabi , or Urdu .
Shonisaurus popularis specimens reached a length of 15 meters ( 50 feet ) .
The remains of these Paliwal settlements , ruined as they are , still demonstrate the very high level of urbanism that existed in the desert centuries ago .
Famous examples are the Sugar Loaf in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil and Morro Rock in California , USA .
According to Litvinsky , the initial Huna or Alxon raids on Gandhara took place in the late 5th and early 6th centuries AD , upon the death of the Gupta ruler , Skandagupta ( 455-470 ) , presumably led by the Tegin Khingila .
' Other writers sometimes used similarly harsh language : In March 2000 edition , for instance , an author who used the pen-name 'Big Ben ' ( Timur atakl ) denounced the Turkish education system with these words : " ... Most of the teachers expected us to keep staring at them drooling as they talked , and the rest did not care whether we listened to them or not , since their souls had grown as inert as those of whores . ... ( About his physics teacher , who had once beaten one of his friends ) He ( the teacher ) was so disgusting . One day , we heard that he had suffered a stroke , and -I 'll never forget that moment- 30 students linked arms and started dancing . Even now I feel that my blood boils : Imagine the rage that lies inside me ... Who are you to raise your hands against the child of another man , where do you take that right from ? I am disgusted with all you teachers and will never speak of any of you with respect . Your work is by no means sacred , your trade is infamy . " One of the major events ever happened in Gameshow because of the authors ' writing style was occurred in 1998 summer .
In late May 2006 , Shinsegae revealed plans to buy all 16 of the Wal-Mart Stores in Korea .
There once was a school located in the heart of Hazlerigg , but it was demolished in 1993.
Saigon is currently signed to Just Blaze 's Fort Knocks Entertainment record label and is awaiting the release of his highly anticipated major label debut entitled The Greatest Story Never Told .
EJay was formed and created in 1997.
The better-known Reichswald Forest , near the Dutch/ German border , lies in North Rhine-Westphalia in Germany , to the east of Nijmegen , in the Netherlands , and between the Rivers Rhine and Maas .
Empas is Korea 's national web search engine , and is in direct competition with Yahoo ! Korea , Daum , Cyworld , and Naver .
It has been said to be an interest peculiar to England and to Scotland , hence called the Curtesy of England and the curtesy of Scotland ; but this is erroneous , for it is found also in Germany and France .
Lead vocals are by Jim Reid , with the exception of " Darklands , " " Nine Million Rainy Days " and " On the Wall , " sung by William Reid .
ARUP recently received the Greenwash award from the Ethical Corporation Magazine for the most dubious green claim of the year , with Dongtan described as a Potemkin village .
Thus Vizhinjam port has very high importance from this point of view .
The former Confolens high school was named for Roux .
Comet also generated a psionic aura which stimulated feelings of love in those around him .
Image : Church2 . JPG|Side view of Zennor Church .
Nine of the eighteen holes from the game have been recreated in 3D in the Wii Sports Golf game .
For instance , a Lesbian-identified male , is a homosexual woman who was born with a male body and is not seeking gender reassignment surgery .
: Blocks : Currently , Code is oriented towards C/ C++ .
The drug abuse situation in Noyabrsk was covered on national TV and in other media and finally official and citizen organisations arose to fight the problem .
The term is short for katawhang Lumad ( literally indigenous peoples ) , the autonym officially adopted by the delegates of the Lumad Mindanaw Peoples Federation ( LMPF ) founding assembly in June 26 , 1986 at the Guadalupe Formation Center , Balindog , Kidapawan , Cotabato , Philippines .
The original Justice League defeated the Cadre , after which the Overmaster vanished .
Around 500,000 Bagwere live in eastern Uganda and exist on subsistence farming .
He was born in Rose Cottage and lived in Cockington for 16 years .
An amalgam analogue of Serina and Cassiopeia appears as Shevon , who has a daughter Paya who functions in a manner similar to Serina and Boxey in relation to Lee Adama , Captain Apollo 's analog .
Keyhole-shaped Kofun disappeared in late 6th century , probably because of the drastic reformation in the Yamato court , where Nihon Shoki records the introduction of Buddhism during this era .
Stonewylde has only managed to ensure its survival in today 's society by cloaking itself if not in secrecy , at least in discretion .
The original T54 had a conventional turret with an autoloader , while the turret on T54E1 was of an oscillating design with an autoloader and the one on T54E2 was conventional with a human loader .
Ratho climbing centre was inspired and designed by Edinburgh based Architect David Taylor and was assisted by experienced climbers Rab Anderson and Duncan McCallum .
The former Craigmillar Primary School building houses a renowned mural by John Maxwell , who was trained by Fernand Lger and was a fellow student of Marc Chagall in Paris .
Two-Bad was originally going to feature in the 2002 series right from the beginning , and was part of the original scripts for the earlier episodes .
The 30-03 was also called the .30-45 , since it used a 45 grain ( 2.9 g ) powder charge ; the name was changed to .30-03 to indicate the year of adoption .
North American subdivisions of the Frasnian include Senecan , Sonyea , Sonyean , and West Falls .
North American subdivisions of the Famennian include the Chautauquan , Canadaway , Conneaut , Conneautan , Conewango and Conewangan .
Some icons of popular culture who have widely been referred to as a " Bombshell " include Jean Harlow who starred in the 1933 film " Bombshell , " Greta Garbo , Marilyn Monroe , Jayne Mansfield , Brigitte Bardot , Lana Turner , Kim Novak , and in more recent popular culture Kim Basinger and Patricia Arquette .
He is mostly associated with the Japanese hardcore artist DJ Sharpnel , due to M1dy regularly appearing at live raves along with Sharpnel and releasing 2 albums under the Sharpnel Sound label , one of which was a collaboration with Jea under his Killingscum alias .
A research group at RCA headed by Vladimir Zworykin introduced the Iconoscope in 1934 , after visiting Philo Farnsworth 's lab and examining in 1930 how the world 's first electronic television camera had been designed , for a potential licensing deal for his new employer , RCA .
In this novel , the law-abiding inhabitants of Lud-in-the-Mist , a city located at the confluence of the rivers Dapple and Dawl , in the fictional state of Dorimare , must contend with the influx of fairy fruit from the bordering Land of Faerie , whose presence they had sought to deny from their rational existence .
There are 11 commands that Odama can understand , ranging from generic ( moving left and right , advancing and retreating ) to map-specific and special moves .
Since removing the WebDriver technology from its products , the WildTangent software is no longer flagged as spyware by any of the major anti-spyware utilities .
Non-interventionism is not the same as isolationism .
Each frame of LAD control film , having the standard patch , with proven accurate exposures plus other information , is available from Eastman Kodak Company .
But with the Riddler alive , he could tell people that Falcone was actively looking for Holiday , eliminating himself as a suspect .
Column formation has been used since ancient times .
A Skete usually has a common area of worship ( a church or a chapel ) , with individual hermitages , or small houses for a small number of monks or nuns .
Mercedes-Benz is still the main ALSA chassis provider , but the top-of-the-range three-axled Setras are the current flagships of the ALSA fleet , many of them in the 'Clase Supra ' top-class specification .
This station is located at the border between the commune of Malakoff and the commune of Vanves , on the Vanves side of the border .
The city of Fontenay-sous-Bois recovered it , and re-installed it in the place where it can be seen today .
Chirikure has participated in several local and international festivals and symposia over the years .
Gopeshwar is surrounded by four famous temples : Tungnath , Anusuya Devi , Rudranath , and Badrinath .
Little is known of the origins of the Ais , or of the affinities of their language .
Bickenhill ward elects three councillors to the metropolitan borough council , these are ( as of April 2006 ) Alan Martin ( Conservative Party ) , Jim Ryan ( Independent ) and Bob Sleigh ( Conservative ) .
According to the 2001 census , Kingshurst has a population of 8,126 .
An article in the Fiji Times pointed out that " never before in the history of this nation has the Attorney-General held a portfolio dealing with matters other than the law and the judiciary " , and criticised the decision .
With mobile phone usage exploding in China , Russia , Brazil , India , Africa and Latin America , and with mobile phone penetration approaching 80 % or more in developed European countries , Mociology and the study of the different impact points in modern life has hastened the need for a deep body of knowledge in this fast-emerging field .
In Chapter Ten , when Terinu is describing the first time he used his powers , he claims that he felt Symms confusion , and also felt his death .
As narrated by John Belushi ( playing the Matt Hooper character from Jaws ) , " the Landshark is considered the cleverest of all sharks . Unlike the great white shark , which tends to inhabit the waters and harbors and recreational beach areas , the Land Shark may strike at any place , anytime . It is capable of disguising its voice , and generally preys on young , single women . " The skit showed the Land Shark attacking several people by knocking on their doors and pretending to be repairmen , door-to-door salesmen , and the like .
Artists remixed by Chab include Gorillaz , Depeche Mode , Ryksopp , Ayumi Hamasaki , Nelly Furtado , and Every Little Thing .
A center of the Deep Ones ' power in Innsmouth is the Esoteric Order of Dagon , ostensibly a Masonic-style fraternal order .
For comparison : the world record small combination ( similar to the women 's Adelskalender samalog , only for times in one weekend ) is 154.580 , by Cindy Klassen .
Unlike the film and arcade game , this version of Willow generally travels alone , only briefly meeting other characters .
They are eventually scared off by Sari , and run into Blitzwing , who offers them Decepticon oil , and tells them " There 's more where that came from . " Scrapper and Mixmaster are formally inducted into the Decepticon forces in the " A Bridge Too Close " two-parter .
This had been used to build the R27 and R29 , and the design of the R80 was severely constrained by the small size of the shed .
The AP1000 will be manufactured in modules designed for rail or barge shipment .
First 's E-Man ran 25 issues ( April 1983 - Aug. 1985 ) , with the company also publishing a seven-issue miniseries , The Original E-Man and Michael Mauser , that reprinted those characters ' Charlton stories .
Prior to the 1990s , Calhau was left without a school and other needs .
Frequently an LDAP server is used to distribute the same kind of information that Hesiod does .
Though Vargotah have never communicated their role in public the fans associate them with the Occult and Vampires .
Long one of Americas most popular mints , Certs was the first breath mint to be nationally marketed in the United States , and has been a fixture at American drug stores and convenience stores since its debut on the market in 1956.
Twain 's republic of Gondour should not be confused with Tolkien 's later kingdom of Gondor , though Heinlein 's Expanded Universe does incorrectly use the latter spelling .
TEENick Saturday Night replaced SNICK and Saturday Night Nick for the 2004-2005 television season and onward .
The Minutemen believed that Communism would soon take over all of America .
In 2003 , the Canadian polling company SOM found that more than 100,000 people in the Quebec City Area listen to CIMI-FM , and that over 190,000 people know of or have heard of the station .
The most obvious differences between the male Pyrrhuloxia and the Northern Cardinal are the former 's largely gray coloring with a red breast , a red rather than black mask , and a yellow parrot-like bill .
A contemporary of Faur whose name has become practically synonymous with the Mlodie , even though he left only a handful of them , is Henri Duparc .
The Magog say that he is their creator .
Another form of loss of Traction in low water situations is called mudplaning .
: Microfinance Outreach : AMFIU backstops Karamoja DPC , partners to develop Microfinance strategy for the region , in : Supplement to The New Vision , The Daily Monitor , 6.
Common activities of a Staycation include use of the backyard pool , visits to local parks and museums , and attendance at local festivals .
Izzy died in April 1994 at age 71 after having a heart attack while in the Shopsy's restaurant .
The area of Bosnia comprises approximately 41,000 km , and makes up about 80 % of the territory of the present-day state of Bosnia and Herzegovina .
After privatisation , MTL was keen to expand and one such opportunity was council-owned Lancaster City Transport ( LCT ) , which was facing stiff competition from Ribble Motor Services ( later Stagecoach Lancashire ) .
Timanous was founded in 1887 in Connecticut by Luther Halsey Gulick , who had already put a mark on American physical fitness and children 's education by founding the Camp Fire Girls .
See also Primaris Airlines .
The smaller cephalofoil of a Bonnethead shark is not as successful and they therefore have to rely on the combination of cephalofoil and their large pectoral fins for most of their motility .
They are Westrans Altona , Sunshine and Werribee .
He then fights enemies including " The White Skull " ( Colonel Buck " Bucky " Barnes ) , an Earth-717 homage to the Red Skull , who is an antagonist of Captain America in normal continuity .
The acquisition of Karesi allowed the Ottomans to begin the conquest of European lands in Rumelia across the Dardanelles .
Clocker ordered him to flee while he fought the enemy - the condition Jazz was in , " you 're more hindrance than help to me " .
According to legend , Mambrino possessed a helmet of pure gold that rendered its wearer invulnerable .
Abu Ayesh Mondal of CPI ( M ) won in the Katwa ( Lok Sabha constituency ) in the 2006 bye election subsequent to the death of sitting MP Mahboob Zahedi .
In Ghatal , 11 % of the population is under 6 years of age .
Then called the Dahlia Llamas , they were signed to a contract with MCA Records and changed their name to Llama while the three original members of the band were still in high school .
Bhyabla station is 2 km from Basirhat station .
Gram Seva Sangha of Hatthuba , Habra is famous for its work in rural development sector .
Gobardanga has an average literacy rate of 80 % , higher than the national average of 59.5 % : male literacy is 84 % , and female literacy is 75 % .
The story of Narcissus , told by the poet Ovid in his Metamorphoses , is of a handsome youth who falls in love with his own reflection .
In 2004 , Priya Ranjan Dasmunsi of INC won in the Raiganj ( Lok Sabha constituency ) .
Islampur has an average literacy rate of 63 % , higher than the national average of 59.5 % : male literacy is 68 % , and female literacy is 57 % .
When Lorraine was recovered by France in 1919 it was decided not to return Briey to its former Department which is why , in terms of departmental boundaries , the town remains administratively separated from the eastern portion of the Briey Basin .
Blaye is also defended by the Fort Pat on an island in the river and the Fort Mdoc on its left bank , both of the 17th century .
The dpartement of Deux-Svres also provides an inter-urban bus service that connects Parthenay to Niort , Bressuire , Thouars and other local towns and villages .
Miacids are thought to have evolved into today 's modern carnivorous mammals of the order Carnivora .
Consequently some scholars have proposed to identify Marah as Ain Naba , a brackish fountain located just 10 miles southeast of Suez , while others have proposed to identify Marah as the Small Bitter Lake ( Arabic : Al Buhayrat al Murrah as Sughra ) located about 20 miles north of Suez ; Ain Naba is more geographically convenient if Mount Sinai is a location in the Hejaz or central Sinai Peninsula , while the Small Bitter Lake is more geographically convenient for Mount Sinai being located in the north of the Sinai Peninsula or at the north eastern Arabah .
Moreover author compare Pbit with algorithm described by Donald E.
Together with these , Gulsan aims to set up a fruit city within its structure .
WEDG has an active rock format and is best known for its afternoon-drive hosts , " Shredd and Ragan , " and being the co-flagship of the Buffalo Bills Radio Network with sister WGRF .
Any Damane who disagrees ( usually , damane who were not brought up in the Seanchan culture ) is tortured and abused via the a'dam until their mind and will are broken .
A Sting is often used as accompaniment during cabaret- or circus-style shows .
: - details the way GIO64 connects to external GIO boards , EISA , and other devices .
1985 turned out to be a difficult period for Lvi , the first of many .
The Disruptor has no natural super powers .
The main goal of UNIcert is to support language education for universities and to provide an accepted certificate that proves language knowledge outside universities .
It was also responsible for a large number of innovations in sailplane design and technology : quick assembly systems for wings and tailplane , automatic control connections , trailing edge airbrake-flap combinations , hinged instrument panels , the parallelogram control stick and automatic trimming are some innovations introduced by Glasflgel and later adopted by other manufacturers .
When this series was discontinued , WaveDancers was left without an ending .
In 1991 West and collaborator Art Thompson released the book Theophilus and the One True Church .
The Subsoil may include substances such as clay and has only been partially broken down by air , sunlight , water etc.
Flint hails from Wichita , Kansas .
Numbers for pre-Decimation mutants vary from " over a million " ( House of M #8 ) to 14 million ( New X-Men #115 , where it is said that the 16 million mutants who died on Genosha was around " over half " of the estimated global mutant population of 30 million mutants ) , giving a population , if the commonly-used 90 % depowered figure is true , of between one hundred thousand and one and a half million .
On May 19 , 2008 People Magazine reported that Daniel Day-Lewis lands a role in Nine On July 14 , 2008 perezhilton . com reported that Kate Hudson landed a role in Nine .
The Algoza is generally used as a folk instrument and Punjabi folk singers use it to play traditional music such as Jugni , Jind Mahi , and Mirza .
The Tumbi was popularized by the Punjabi folk-singer Lal Chand Yamla Jatt .
Although this dualistic view of the mind-body connection entails mentalism , Mentalism does not entail dualism .
Stronger spells are learned this way , and are usually sacrificed from previously used spells , depending on how you decide to align the Craymels in each cage .
Shrike later appeared , after the death of Ra 's al Ghul , as a member of Nyssa al Ghul 's new League of Assassins .
Besides Navy ships , Nordseewerke builds container vessels and other freight ships .
As the Thinker , he was defeated by the original Flash , who soon became his most recurrent foe .
Upper classes wore a Tilmtli of cotton cloth knotted over the right shoulder , while the middle class used a tilmtli made of ayate fibre , a coarse fabric derived from the threads of the maguey cactus .
The toys of both Zoar and Screeech used the same model , with different color schemes .
Due to construction , since spring 2006 , the Duffy Square/ Times Square TKTS booth has been temporarily relocated to the nearby Marriott Marquis hotel .
When stressed Sexual Fours express their envy more openly and can act out through violence or self-harm .
Common transceiver/ Transverter combinations include transverters for 50 MHz , 70 MHz , 144 MHz , 222 MHz , and 432 MHz designed for use with 28 MHz IF radios , and transverters for 50 MHz , 902 MHz , 1296 MHz , 2304 MHz , 3456 MHz , 5706 MHz , and 10368 MHz designed for use with 144 MHz IF radios .
Techniques of Partisan warfare were described in detail in Johann von Ewald 's Abhandlung ber den kleinen Krieg ( 1789 ) .
In 1945 , the Hungarian cultural centre " Petfi Sndor " was established in Telep , which preserves the local culture of Hungarians in the city .
In this same episode , Hades is greatly pleased to see Chernabog from Fantasia perform what he calls " the old act " ( A basic reprise of Chernabog 's performance in the actual Fantasia movie ) .
In the present day , Yoshimori Sumimura and Tokine Yukimura , heirs of the Hazama clan , became the Kekkaishi protecting the land and the power .
Clickradio downloaded songs to your computer 's hard drive instead of broadcasting the songs over the internet , so they would play back clearly and uninterrupted .
In mice , these are not removed , which is the basis for the in vivo Micronucleus test .
" Christine " explained her experience with German pre-war culture ; however , Christine did not exist .
Due the success of the Spanish languaged album , they recorded a Portuguese languaged version of Rebelde too , this being Rebelde ( Edio Brasil ) .
Similar to a melodica , but worn like an accordion , the Claviola has a set of piano keys on the right side that range 2 1/ 2 octaves .
The station " moved " to 33BY in November , 2001 , but the station still operated on both channels .
King faced off with Robert Garcia who was attempting to foil their plans .
The first Philip K. Dick award was presented at Norwescon VII , and was given to William Gibson for his novel Neuromancer .
JBIG2 specifically uses the MQ coder .
The 948 cc Austin engined version was named the Turner Sports Mk I , and versions known as Turner-Climaxes were also available with the powerful Coventry Climax 1,097 cc FWA and 1,216 FWE units .
The Clamp circuit works only if it has a lower output impedance than the monitored circuit thereby overpowering that circuit .
Water from moulins often exits the glacier at base level , but occasionally the lower end of a Moulin may be exposed in the face of a glacier or at the edge of a stagnant block of ice .
The subject of the work is the biblical David , about to throw the stone that will bring down Goliath , which will allow David to behead him .
It is a lesser known historical fact that The Nyugat periodical , which was the first Hungarian language periodical to introduce many of the great Western philosophers , such as Nietzsche , Kierkegaard , etc.
The Praxe is meant to initiate the freshmen in the institution they are in , and to encourage the loss of social inhibitions .
Amreli has an average literacy rate of 78 % , higher than the national average of 59.5 % ; with 55 % of the males and 45 % of females literate .
Examples of Litter vehicles include sedan chairs ( England ) , palanquin ( also known as palkhi ) ( India ) , and gama ( Korea ) .
It is believed that the Kalis first appeared in the 13th century .
Pilgrims arrive at Lectoure after Miradoux and next pass through La Romieu .
For instance , in All I know is smoking is harmful to your health , all I know is a Hedge that indicates the degree of the speakers knowledge instead of only making a statement , Smoking is harmful to your health .
Craig mentioned in a subsequent online chat : " I had an idea for the Jungle Movie ( how Bartlett refers to the planned film ) , in the opening scene , a man comes to the door of the boarding house , and Arnold signs his name . Right , that 's how you find out . " However , problems between Bartlett and Nickelodeon , as well as the low gross of the first film , led to the cancellation of this second film .
The largest towns near to Barakar are : Asansol ( 17 km from Barakar ) and Dhanbad ( 42 km from Barakar ) .
With its retail turnover of EUR 7.7 billion and more than 4800 associated retailers in 32 countries , Intersport has the worldwide leading position in the sporting goods retail market .
He has a history with the villain Maganlal Meghraj who had a circus performer throw knives at him in Joi Baba Felunath ( The Mystery of the Elephant God ) and fed him the drug LSD in Jato Kando Kathmandutey ( The Criminals of Kathmandu ) . The last time Jatayu met Meghraj was at Golapi Mukto Rahashya In the Feluda adventures he is a great source of comic relief .
At one event for political education in summer 2006 , the Kremlin advisor Gleb Pavlovskii told members of Nashi that they " lacked brutality " : " you must be prepared " , he went on , " to break up fascist demonstrations and prevent with force any attempt to overthrow the constitution " .
Strabo and Poseidonius describe the Armoricani as belonging to the Belgae .
This version of Spirit seems to have more of a mystical and shaman persona .
It is often assumed that an organism which currently has an Arctic-alpine distribution was , during colder periods of the Earth 's history ( such as during the Pleistocene glaciations ) , widespread across the area between the arctic and the Alps .
Swapsc is used to dissect the constraints on the evolution of protein-coding genes .
Minuartia sedoides was previously placed in Cherleria .
On November 3 , 2007 , Caapa suffered a setback , being substituted out of Newcastle 's game against Portsmouth after only 18 minutes , due to a display of " diabolical defending " .
After playing a set of two songs ( a cover of Metallica 's Creeping Death and an original song penned by Moggridge called No Mans Land ) and enjoying the experience the guys decided to continue and pursue the band full time taking the Epidemic name from the Slayer song of the same name .
Almost all speak the Garre language , though it may be secondary to Maay .
It is unknown whether Triceradon is the same character from Beast Machines or a different character who shares the same name and mold .
By this time , it is apparent that Cybertron has settled into orbit around a star again , and has acquired a new moon .
Over time , it would turn out Cybertron was a dormant Primus .
cience 80 's first issue was November 1979 and was originally published bi-monthly and by subscription only .
It became KRNV on January 22 , 1990.
Her uncle Johann succeeded her father Wilhelm in Bavaria-Straubing , and was the last ruler of his branch .
Less healthy social Fives , in particular , can have a very grim view on humans and societies in general , and they will develop long treatises to support the outlook .
Treatment of diseases which increase the risk of Aspergilloma , such as tuberculosis , may help prevent their formation .
The foam cored hull is stiff and light and the advanced hull shape , together with an innovative rig which combines a rotating mast with a fully battened main sail , allows the Tasar to plane upwind with the crew normally hiked .
Unlike the connotatively neutral term nerf , Gimp in this usage often implies that the rule change unfairly disadvantages the target .
Before Jambo was transferred to Jersey Zoo Jambo and Goma had a son named Tamtam , who was born born at Basel Zoo on May 2 , 1971 , and is currently living at Wuppertal Zoo .
Angerfist has released his new Album , Mutilate , in March of 2008 , on the Masters of Hardcore label .
The Mechoopda became a federally recognized tribe in 1992.
In 1606 , the armies of Ivan Bolotnikov and Vasily Shuisky collided near otly with the ensuing defeat of the former .
The first megaplex cinema in the world is generally considered to be Kinepolis Brussels located near the Atomium in Brussels , Belgium , which opened in 1988 with 25 screens .
Showmars has already broken ground in Shelby .
Arkas has seldom appeared at artists ' conventions and generally avoids publicity and appearances on television shows or interviews .
The village and its beach were at the end of pavement northeast of Vancouver and Whistler until the opening of the Duffey Lake Road stretch of Hwy 99 , which runs on the south side of the Cayoosh Range which rises above N'quatqua on the south and east .
He was part of the Brazil squad that won the Football World Cup 1970 , having himself contributed to the famous goal by Carlos Alberto Torres against Italy in the final : Clodoaldo dribbled past four of the opposition 's players on his own half before starting a series of passes that ended in the goal .
Jiva Mahale saved Shivaji in a war against Afzal Khan who was a general of Nijam .
A later version of the game , Gloom Deluxe , featured higher resolution graphic modes .
The name Sole was used alongside real in Argentina , whilst in Bolivia it replaced the real in 1827 and circulated until decimalization in 1864.
By the 19th century , the Flemish weavers had dispersed and in 1829 , the Tenterground was developed for housing .
The architecture of the 'zab settlements was designed for egalitarian communal living , with respect for family privacy .
The name Sol was used alongside real in Argentina , whilst in Bolivia it replaced the real in 1827 and circulated until decimalization in 1864.
( For the Germanic etymology of this name see Walha . ) Although never as widely used as Cymru , Gwalia was once popular as a poetic name for the country , akin to Albion .
The Sulla ( pl . Sullae ) branch is descended from Publius Cornelius Rufinus , dictator in 333 , the first dictator year ; they are next prominent under a different cognomen Rufinus ( for their characteristic red hair ) in 290 BC and 277 BC , and briefly during the Second Punic War .
When Thunderwing attacked , the Decepticons reluctantly decided to assist the locals in fighting him - but Ruckus was one of the first casualties as Thunderwing crushed him beneath his foot .
On the 18th May 2008 , both Elano and Left winger Petrov stated that they have no intention of leaving Eastlands in the near future .
Everaldo won the Football World Cup 1970.
Seasar is also featured in JavaOne conference .
The Others do not appear to have a name for their group themselves , though the man that they take orders from , Ben Linus , has described them as " the good guys . " Linus appears to take orders from Jacob , although no other member of The Others has met or seen Jacob .
The two determinants are of the F-factor are the effective Z of the material and the type of ionizing radiation being considered .
P-chart # The " p " comes from use of the proportion of nonconforming items # Need a good definition of nonconforming items  usually a categorical definition # Can be of equal or unequal subgroups # Normally need large subgroups  can even be up to total for the period Control limits for the p-chart are calculated on the basis of the binomial distribution and an approximation based on the central limit theorem .
Today , the terms Threading and fold recognition are frequently ( though somewhat incorrectly ) used interchangeably .
Giustiniani printed 2,000 copies at his own expense , including fifty in vellum for presentation to the sovereigns of Europe and Asia ; but the sale of the work did not encourage him to proceed with the New Testament , which he had also prepared for the press .
The species Danio rerio was first described in the early 1800 's by Francis Hamilton , a surgeon working for the British East India Company .
The Eurotunnel terminal is located in Coquelles of the A16 , exit 42.
After the Portuguese had captured Ceuta ( Spain ) in 1415 they became acquainted with the zulejo technique themselves .
Water in the fuel supply , if not properly removed by the fuel filter , or if the fuel filter is not drained , can Hydrolock an engine .
The Initrd is typically used for making preparations before the real root file system can be mounted .
One of the most complex styles of Seguidilla is the gypsy seguidilla ( also known as the seguiriya or the seguidilla gitana ) , which is used in flamenco music .
Still , Nehemiah is blamed by the Rabbis for his seemingly boastful expression , " Think upon me , my God , for good " ( Neh . v. 19 , xiii . 31 ) , and for his disparagement of his predecessors ( ib . v. 15 ) , among whom was Daniel .
Those that see Neotribalism as a political or quasi-political movement distinguish themselves from the reactionary Tribalism present in many parts of the world by emphasizing the necessity of establishing a global , or at least national , network of connected co-operating tribes , as opposed to the isolated , quarrelling groups of traditional tribal society .
The inflation in " celebrity " directors ( often from film or other theater branches ) in recent years who never learnt the specific requirements of opera direction ( some of which even flaunting their inability to read music ) and hide their ineptitude to psychologically direct singers behind misunderstood Regietheater clichs ( often involving gratituous shock elements ) has led to a general misapprehension of the " Regietheater " term .
An immature Poblano is dark purplish green in color , but eventually turns a red so dark as to be nearly black .
Noma Children Hospital Sokoto is located in Nigeria and aside from the regular doctors , European and American medical teams travel there to perform operations .
Species of the Nostocaceae are particularly known for their nitrogen fixing abilities , and they form symbiotic relationships with certain plants , such as the mosquito fern , cycads , and hornworts .
The official site now redirects to a search page , so the current status of Killradio is unknown .
The municipality included the city quarters of Detelinara , Sajmite , Banati , Avijatiarsko Naselje , Jugovievo , Industrijska Zona Jug , Industrijska Zona Sever , Gornje Livade and Rimski anevi , and the villages of Rumenka , Kisa , and Stepanovievo .
Moshulu , like all grain ships , was undermanned .
At its base , the Flocculus receives input from the middle ears vestibular system and regulates balance .
So far , Analogman has not returned in the series , although Akihiro Kurata from Digimon Savers may have been inspired by him .
The Kushaura can be thought of being the first part , with the kutsinhira usually being a beat behind , within a cycle of 12 beats .
The Kutsinhira is often a beat behind the kushaura part , but not always .
After Parreira 's demise , who was replaced by Dunga , Luiso was one of the nine players in the World Cup 2006 squad to be called up for the team 's first match after the tournament .
The first Hellogoodbye song ever written was Kurvink 's " Bonnie Taylor Shakedown ( 2001 ) " which later appeared on their debut Self-Titled EP .
Don Henley stated in the notes written in the booklet to Eagles ' 2003 " The Very Best Of " compilation , that Desperado was a piece of a song that he had written in 1968.
What differentiates the Hotshot from an action hero is that a hotshot works within the context of a group or team .
Cracked Deze frequently are repaired by wire stitching .
Ultimate Kangaroo was defeated and turned in by Daredevil .
Typically the first Bell tells the students that it is time to report to class and the bell that occurs shortly after that means that the students are late .
Vanguard was followed up by a sequel , Vanguard II ( arcade game ) , which is similar to the original but with gameplay and graphical improvements .
Pythium wilt is caused by zoospore infection of older plants leading to biotrophic infections that become necrotrophic in response to colonization/ reinfection pressures or environmental stress ( Jarvis , 1992 ; Owen-Going , 2005 ; Owen-Going et al . , 2009 ) , leading to minor or severe wilting caused by impeded root functioning ( Jarvis , 1992 ; Bagnall , 2007 ) .
Named after Medea , the wife of Jason , she was built on the Clyde at Alexander Stephen and Sons shipyard at Linthouse by John Stephen for William Macalister Hall of Torrisdale Castle , Scotland .
In Arabia , four hakims ( native rulers ) of the later emirate of Qatar held the additional Ottoman title of Kaymakam in their administrative capacity since 1872 of district administrator since the establishment of Ottoman sovereignty ( as kazan of Sandjak al-Hasa , within the vilayet of Baghdad , from 1875 Basra vilayet ) till this was exchanged on 3 November 1916 with a British protectorate ( as Sheikdom of Qatar , colonially under the chief political resident of the Persian Gulf , at Bahrein ) .
The present incarnation of Magill was designed by Cobalt Design to make use of commissioned artwork as an important tool of communication .
In the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom ( Westminster ) , the council area is covered by the Orkney and Shetland constituency , which also covers the Shetland Isles council area .
In the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom ( Westminster ) , the council area is covered by the Orkney and Shetland constituency , which also covers the Orkney Isles council area .
In the full payware version of the software , videos are recorded without the Fraps header indefinitely at a maximum resolution of 1152864 ( full-size 4:3 ; 20481536 for half-size or 25601600 for full-size ) and a rate up to 100 frames per second .
Selbstverlag , Warstein 1971.
He was known as Mazinho II to avoid confusion .
Also located on the quay are the Apuldram Fishing and Boat Club and a classroom for the Chichester Harbour Education Centre .
Considerable prize money or goods are sometimes involved , and cars may even be sponsored or purpose-built specifically as " Burnout cars " .
There are live concerts ; the Procession of Our Lady of the Rosary ( one of the depictions of Virgin Mary , Our Lady of the Rosary is considered saint protector of Spain and Cabimas ) ; the Chamber of Trade and Industry of Cabimas Exposition ( EXPOCAICOC ) ; mechanical games , such as wheel of fortune ; a rollercoaster , pirate ship , haunted house and more ; civil bands and parades .
Dano features an improved network stack called BONE , initial support for 802.11b wireless networking , some 3D acceleration-capable graphics drivers , a redesigned graphical user interface , a replacement USB subsystem with USB mass storage support , and other improvements .
A notable version is the open source , , a port for Linux which supports all levels for the original Kye , and includes a level editor .
Elassona is located 70 km southwest of Katerini , 38 km NNW of Larissa ( old : about 50 km ) , 22 km NW of Tyrnavos ( old : 30 km ) , east of Deskati and Grevena and 78 km ESE of Kozani .
( This happens mostly with lower middle class people who are usually ex-users of other less comfortable and/ or more expensive commercial buses ) This is contradictive with one of the initial objective of TransJakarta , which is to reduce traffic jam during rush hours by persuading private car owners to use comfortable public transport .
The Turdetani were in constant contact with their Greek and Carthaginian neighbors .
The territory of the Bastetani was first settled in BC 12th century by Bithynian Thracians of the bistones tribe from Turkey .
The Ausetani minted their own coins which bore the inscription ausesken in northeastern Iberian script that is interpreted in Iberian language as a self-reference to the ethnic name of that people : from the Ausetani or from those of Ausa .
The Indigetes minted their own coins which bore the inscription undikesken in northeastern Iberian script that is interpreted in Iberian language as a self-reference to the ethnic name of that people : from the Indigetes or from those of undika .
The Laietani minted their own coins which bore the inscription laiesken in northeastern Iberian script that is interpreted in Iberian language as a self-reference to the ethnic name of that people : from the Laietani or from those of Laie .
The Cessetani minted their own coins , almost ever only with the name of the main city , kese , but a few bore the inscription kesesken in northeastern Iberian script that is interpreted in Iberian language as a self-reference to the ethnic name of that people : from the Cessetani or from those of kese .
At the June meeting the annual parish accounts are presented ; this meeting also includes an annual report on the historic Mallerstang Charities .
Co-respondent shoes is an expression , meaning unusually patterned or coloured men 's shoes that are easily remembered , for example , when left outside the hotel room in which the adultery may be taking place .
The Cricket is normally the same pitch as the rest of the roof , but not always .
The Ardleigh Reservoir is about 1 km ( 0.6 miles ) away .
A disadvantage of HNF is its limited thermal stability .
Dilighat is situated on the banks of river dilih or disang ( a tributary of mighty Luit or Brahmaputra ) in Namrup and Borhat ( a place adjoining to Namrup in Sivasagar District ) .
Jonovision hosted one of the first television appearances of Sum 41 , as part of an indie music showcase entitled Jonopalooza .
In the anime seasons 1-5 , as well as the manga V-Tamer , Chronicle , D-Cyber ( Chinese manga ) , and Digimon Next , the Digivice is used by human characters to make their Digimon partners Digivolve , and in some cases , to transform themselves into Digimon .
The torus is a special case of the Spring obtained when the helix is crushed to a circle .
Spellfire was featured center stage in the story of Shandril Shessair as told in the novel Spellfire written by Ed Greenwood .
Traditional festivals in Makrakomi ( on Agiou Pnevmatos Day ) and all the other villages .
Country did not last long on the frequency and in 1975 WSPK took on a Top 40-leaning album-oriented rock format which struggled and went into a free fall after WPDH took on a truer AOR format .
The popularity of the Shropshire breed grew rapidly in England , and in 1882 Shropshire breeders founded the Shropshire Sheep Breeders ' Association and Flock Book Society , the world 's first such society for sheep .
Paolo fuori le Mura , built about 1285 by Giovanni , the youngest of the Cosmati , are one of the most beautiful works of this school .
Mizchif was born and raised in Highfields , Harare , Zimbabwe .
The Subframe is bolted and/ or welded to the vehicle .
When Irad ( an ancestor of Lamech ) learned his secret and began to publicise it , Lamech murdered him .
The image data from which the Pose of an object is determined can be either a single image , a stereo image pair , or an image sequence where , typically , the camera is moving with a known speed .
As of April 22 , 2008 , the Telerama nameservers and website are once again available .
Basser Lout is Free Software , distributed under the terms of the GNU General Public Licence .
: Many fans also believe Lien-Da to be involved at some point with Dr. Finitevus , and think that he may be Rutan 's father due to the white tips of Rutan 's dreadlocks .
The latter 's nephew , Prince Ivan Petrovich Romodanovsky , was killed by the Kalmucks on his way from Persia in 1607.
The catchier name Skewb was coined by Douglas Hofstadter in his Metamagical Themas column , and Mffert liked it enough not only to market the Pyraminx Cube under this name but also to name some of his other puzzles after it , such as the Skewb Diamond .
They are formed by the condensing ortho-diamines with 1,2-diketone ; the parent substance of the group , Quinoxaline , resulting when glyoxal is so condensed , whilst substitution derivatives arise when -ketonic acids , -chlorketones , -aldehyde alcohols and -ketone alcohols are used in place of diketones .
Two molecules of this chorismate-derived intermediate are then brought together in a diagonally-symmetrical fashion to form the basic Phenazine scaffold .
Most species nest on the ground , but the Long-eared Owl , Asio otus , nests in the old stick nests of crows , ravens and magpies ( family Corvidae ) and various hawks .
Indesit has 17 production plants , located in Italy and other European and non-European countries , and employs over 17,000 people .
On the way to Melur from Madurai , a nice place Othakkadai is placed , where there is a beautiful mountain is placed named Yanamalai . A famous temple dedicated to Lord Narasimha is located at othakkadai .
OGMA is situated in Alverca do Ribatejo , approximately 15 km north of Lisbon , and presently ( 2006 ) employs a workforce of 1,700 and provides a 3Km H24 runaway .
The films featured Marisol singing one of her best-known songs : La vida es una tmbola ( Life is a Tumble ) .
Although unrefined in style , the history of Doukas is both judicious and trustworthy , and it is the most valuable source for the closing years of the Byzabtine empire .
On traditional architectures , an Instruction includes an opcode specifying the operation to be performed , such as " add contents of memory to register " , and zero or more operand specifiers , which may specify registers , memory locations , or literal data .
Aryanization was completed with the enactment of a regulation , the Verordnung zur Ausschaltung der Juden aus dem deutschen Wirtschaftsleben of November 12 , 1938 , through which the remaining businesses were transferred to non-Jewish owners and the proceeds taken by the state .
The Prothrombinase complex catalyzes the conversion of prothrombin ( Factor II ) , an inactive zymogen , to thrombin ( Factor IIa ) , an active serine protease .
The shape of a Hypoid gear is a revolved hyperboloid , whereas the shape of a spiral bevel gear is normally conical .
The 1694 edition of the Dictionnaire de l'Acadmie franaise described a Grisette as simply " a woman of lowly condition " .
An avid golfer and hunter , the last Amir of the Viqar-ul-Umarahi Paigah , Rashid Nawaz Jung , passed away on October 1 , 2006 in Himayatnagar , Hyderabad .
Unlike the attested tribal traditions about Kupe recorded before Smith and Jury , the orthodox version is precise in terms of dates and in offering placenames in Polynesia where Kupe is supposed to have lived or departed from .
Upper Pontnewydd railway station was situated on this line .
Several Swedish breweries make Trocadero , including Kopparbergs , Spendrups and Nyckelbryggerier among others .
Ashchurch pays host to more or less half of Tewkesbury 's industry with several businesses growing up around the M5 motorway junction .
Opar has also appeared in some of the television series based on the Tarzan books .
In Classical antiquity , the Epirotes were grouped into fourteen tribes , the most famous of which were the Thesprotians , who occupied the southern part of Epirus immediately north of the Ambracian Gulf , the Molossians , who occupied the center , and the Chaonians , who occupied the northernmost area , up to the Bay of Avlona ( modern-day Vlor ) .
On November 8 , 1555 the last Prince Belsky married Marfa , a posthumous daughter of Prince Vasily Shuisky-Nemoy by Anastasia of Kazan , herself a granddaughter of Ivan III and Sophia Paleologue .
Many of the characters in this game would later go on to appear in other games in the Suikoden franchise .
Even though Uryupinsk is industrialized , it is ecologically clean .
Based on the calculation of this lunar Tepi Shemu feast , Year 17 of iamun has been shown by the German Egyptologist Rolf Krauss to be equivalent to 970 BC .
A respected source of information on the Futures markets , with articles on industry issues , current market developments , trading techniques and strategies and many other areas of interest to traders and risk managers .
Robert Hoak , former head of a top-secret project to breed cold-water Piranha for use in the Vietnam War .
Running traceroute on WinFixer domains shows that most of the domains are hosted from servers at http : / /www . setupahost . net , which uses Shaw Business Solutions AKA Bigpipe as their backbone .
Ultimately a mismatched group gathers to combat this Invasion including the fiance of the main infected person Beau .
Leyak is said to fly trying to find a pregnant woman in order to suck her baby 's blood or a newborn child .
The Grill method was described by Marian Rejewski as being " manual and tedious " and , like the later cryptologic bomb , as being " based ... on the fact that the plug connections did not change all the letters . " Unlike the bomb , however , " the grill method required unchanged pairs of letters only unchanged letters . " The grill method found application as late as December 1938 in working out the wiring in two Enigma rotors newly introduced by the Germans .
Geesthacht 1958.
They have had coat of arms or crest made , of the Skancke family , to show their alleged relation with past Isle of Man monarchical dynasty .
In Havana , Organopnicos are found in vacant lots , old parking lots , abandoned building sites , spaces between roads .
Rather , the electronegativity of the central atom ( E ) and the number of O atoms determine Oxoacid acidity .
The patents for Cinemiracle were bought by Cinerama and effectively brought the format to an end .
The Australian newspaper said of the LP , " Just when I thought Australian guitar music seemed poised to choke on its own clich-ridden tail , Purplene release their second album , " awarding it 4.5 stars out of 5.
Over the next ten years Jackopierce toured extensively , mainly in the USA ( 44 US states ) , but also to other countries .
This station is located at the border between the commune of Tremblay-en-France and the commune of Villepinte , on the Villepinte side of the border .
This station is located at the border between the commune of Stains and the commune of Pierrefitte-sur-Seine , on the Pierrefitte-sur-Seine side of the border .
There are plans to extend Paris Mtro Line 11 beyond its terminus at Mairie des Lilas station , reaching the town center of Romainville and beyond to Rosny-sous-Bois .
For each oint purchased , the loan rate is typically reduced by 1/ 8 % ( .125 % ) .
In California , a Portagee gate characterized the tightwad stereotype attributed to Portuguese immigrants .
mrgstrta is served cold and sliced like a dessert cake , typically with white wine or beer .
Hi-Living also has a significant affiliate program , and affiliates can place product images and links on their web sites .
ETLAND also has a retail consumer program , and affiliates can , for example , place product images and products on their sites .
Emap dropped their Smash-Hits ! Chart to broadcast the relaunched version of the Hit40uk show across their Big City Network of stations .
The Homo genus ( humans , appear about 2.4 million years ago with Homo habilis ) appear to be descended from Australopithecine ancestors , more precisely from Kenyanthropus platyops branching off Australopithecus some 3.5 million years ago .
During the Horus Heresy , the Emperor 's Imperial Webway project drew more and more of the Emperor 's might away from the Astronomican , weakening its signal .
Sauber departed F1 with six third places and two front row starts their best results .
The name of this authentic Bohemian village is Wolfsberg , also known as Garana - situated at an altitude of 935 m , it is surrounded by a landscape that is dominated by the grand silhouette of the Semenic Mountain .
However in 1993 , those first three albums from the '70s were re-released as The Lamb Trilogy .
Despite their long-time presence in the region , the proclamation failed to provide a homeland for the Timbisha people .
Triggers ( custom scripts or programs that run at predefined events ) can be set on many but not all Perforce user commands and used to extend user authentication ( with LDAP or SSO , for example ) , to block or allow user commands , and to constrain or normalize file modifications .
One of the world 's rarest bee species , the andrenid bee Andrena lauracea is apparently a specialist on Lindera ( see Lindera benzoin ) .
On April 21 , 1985 , ALF activists , including Sally S , a businesswoman in her mid-30s , broke into the laboratory and removed Britches along with around 467 other animals , taking footage of the raid , which they handed anonymously to PETA .
The pounding of the Infiltrometer into the ground deforms the soil , compressing it or causing cracks which can affect the measured infiltration capacity .
However , the most recent Clutch figure revealed at JoeCon 2007 , is named simply " Clutch " , and his file card even mentions his brief name change .
The Green-Ampt method of Infiltration estimation accounts for many variables that other methods , such as Darcy 's law , do not .
Transcendence can be attributed to the divine not only in its being , but also in its knowability .
Mawi is of Javanese descent .
Though the modern Colombian Ajiaco contains no aj , it is probably derived from spicier indigenous dishes .
All Games using the Chrome Engine can therefore be easily modded by interested programmers .
Relationships within the genus are unclear , and some eastern North American species , including Boechera laevigata , may belong to a clade distinct from the rest of the genus .
A possible derivation of the ethnonym " Oenotrian " would be the Greek " oinos " ( wine ) , as the Oenotrians inhabited a territory rich in vinyards , with " Oenotria " being extended to refer to the entirety of Southern Italy .
People who own or operate a Ranch are called stockgrowers or ranchers .
Trevor Hands , character from the British crime drama television series , " " played by Michael McKell ( 2003 , 2005 ) .
In 2003 , Natalia released Besa mi piel ( Kiss My Skin ) , which equally was a success .
Due to the actions of the High Evolutionary ( in Uncanny X-Men #379-380 ) temporarily " turning off " the mutant gene to transform all mutants into " baseline " humans , many of the Neo perished .
Despite this fact , Abtalion , as well as his colleague , Shemaiah , the president of the Sanhedrin , was one of the most influential and beloved men of his time .
The front cover art has the " Home " cover on the front , with the Home tracklist , and the back cover art has the Useless cover art , with the Useless tracklist .
WEEK-TV moved from channel 43 to channel 25 around 1964.
Both erserk video games were created by the Japanese developer Yuke 's .
Named for head coach Tom Izzo , the Izzone wraps around much more than three-fourths around the bottom tier of the Breslin Center , in addition to many more students in the upper level of the arena .
The following Sun-Rype products display the Health Check symbol : .
" Laureate letters " in old times meant the dispatches announcing a victory ; and the epithet was given , even officially ( e. g. to John Skelton ) by universities , to distinguished poets .
Sitamau has an average literacy rate of 71 % , higher than the national average of 59.5 % : male literacy is 79 % , and female literacy is 26 % .
In Sailana , 13 % of the population is under 6 years of age .
The parties appeared before the rabbinical authorities in Montreal to obtain the traditional religious Get , immediately upon their divorce being granted in civil proceedings .
The age gap may differ , but the relationship involves the traditional parental hierarchy of father-son dynamics , the Daddy providing emotional support and guidance along with sexual encouragement and nurturing to the inexperienced and vulnerable partner .
It is said that Rkk 's daughter called the prize " Bambi " when she brought it home , apparently inspired by Felix Salten 's book Bambi , A Life in the Woods .
Referred to as the Snake People , the Aelfinn have the ability to read the future by granting the visitor three questions they may ask , though the answer may not be that easy to understand .
A revised machine , the C-36 , was similar to the C-35 , but included moveable lugs and a protective case for the machine .
Laich-kwil-tach raids on the southern Georgia Strait , Puget Sound , and even up the Fraser River and out into the Strait of Juan de Fuca , and northwards , are described in the annals of the early non-First Nations explorers and traders , including one notable incident shortly after the founding of Fort Langley in which the HBC staff repelled a siege by the Euclataws with cannonades ( much earning the appreciation of the beleaguered local Kwantlens ) .
There is a functional lighthouse at Daugavgrva which was originally built in 1818.
Mudigonda mandal is surrounded by lot of villages , of which Vallabhi and Bhanapuram are the biggest villages .
This epic production provided an in-depth illustration of Heimat on a variety of levels , most poignantly highlighting the provincial sense of belonging and the conflict that exists between urban and rural life .
The Diaconicon contains the thalassidion ( piscina ) , a sink that drains into an honorable place where liquids such as the water used to wash holy things may be poured , and where the clergy may wash their hands before serving the Divine Liturgy .
Madame Hydra helped Jordan Stryke , a supervillain codenamed Viper , escape custody in Virginia , only to proceed in assassinating him and usurping his codename .
In the 1960s , nordic combined world champion Arne Larsen represented Heggedal IL .
There are few real puzzles in Vay , aside from the occasional maze .
As well as their own work , Ghost have recorded and performed with the ex-Galaxie 500 duo Damon and Naomi .
The development took six years , and the ship version RBS-15 Mk .
In Yasht 17.15 and 17.17 , Sraosha is called Ashi 's " brother . " One of Sraosha 's stock epithets is ashya , which may either mean " companion of recompense " or simply " companion of Ashi " .
In common parlance , most people do not make the distinction between state or Commonwealth , although sticklers for accuracy ( usually from those states ) will correct others who refer to " the State of  " in the formal sense .
Emperor Paul , however , could n't get along with him and discharged Prozorovsky from his office .
When Wooldoor rounds out his eyes with tape , Ling-Ling sees the world normally and can speak English , albeit with his previous speech patterns .
Khonnor has actively promoted his music on the Soulseek file-sharing network .
Another proponent of Fallibilism is Karl Popper , who builds his theory of knowledge , critical rationalism , on fallibilistic presuppositions .
the Cliffjumper card looks nearly identical to Alternators Swerve , with the addition of 2007 movie style exposed facial robotics and joints .
One species , Echium plantagineum ( Patterson 's Curse ) , is a major invasive species in Australia .
A very small artisanal shop , Somec makes only a few bikes a year , out of steel or aluminum .
Just like the rest of the Ruhr , Castrop-Rauxel has been attempting to change from a former blue collar image to a city with a modern lifestyle , high recreational value , new economy companies , a 27 hole golf course , and various cultural events .
Common Grammaticalisation chains include the evolution of nouns ( such as positional or body part words ) to prepositions , prepositions to inflectional affixes on nouns ( noun declension ) ; and the evolution of nouns to pronouns , pronouns to inflectional affixes on verbs ( verbal conjugation ) ; and finally deflexion , the disappearance of those inflectional affixes altogether .
The Danish Knabstrup Association , known as the " KNN , " obtained the European Union distinction as the 'mother organization ' which all other EU verbands registering Knabstruppers must follow .
The pony of Monterufoli is also a variation on the Maremmano breed .
The present day Murgese breed was developed from horses selected in 1926 , when the herdbook was established , and is possibly a more refined version of the original Murgese horse .
Located some 40 kilometres west of Oslo , Borgen has many different styles of residential areas , ranging from the apartment complexes and semi-detached houses in the southern area of Borgen , to the villas of Borgen Skog .
The Durham provincial riding was created in 1999 when Ontario adopted federal riding boundaries for provincial elections purposes .
As measures of time , the rising and setting of Decans marked 'hours ' and groups of 10 days which comprised an Egyptian year .
One Ruble is divided into 100 kopeks or copecks .
Roder published recent work showing Sublingual immunotherapy with grass pollen is not effective in symptomatic youngsters in primary care .
The pink-faced Bacchus is an accurate portrayal of a half-drunk teenager dressed in a sheet and leaning on a mattress in the Cardinal 's Rome palazzo , but far less convincing as a Graeco-Roman god .
Bluecasting is also used by many companies to advertise about various offers by them .
This Sharptooth is particularly notable for having been the culprit who killed Littlefoot 's mother , and so far the only villain in the series to have been directly responsible for the death of a major character .
The Coat of arms of Koknese depicts a boat , a key , and a crosier .
Each eoxyribonucleotide is comprised of three parts : A nitrogenous base , a deoxyribose sugar , and one or more phosphate groups .
A survey of the station in 2006 by specialist railway engineers rated Scruton station as a uniquely well preserved example of the type , now mostly lost in England .
The village of Ivanovskoe , 20 km east of Rylsk , has a summer residence of Ukrainian hetman Ivan Mazepa , while Maryino , slightly to the west , used to be a seat of the princely house of Boryatinsky , who in 1815-16 built a palace and extensive English park there .
Shsin is the oldest surviving building of this type in Japan .
Peening should only be carried out on a production weld where the procedure test piece has been peened .
After completing medical school , physicians or surgeons usually further their medical education in a specific Specialty of medicine by completing a multiple year residency .
Klymaxx scored another massive hit with the ballad , " I 'd Still Say Yes " written by Babyface and Joyce Irby .
The fortification was built in order to defend Araya and the Araya Peninsula against vandals and Caribbean pirates .
The Swellshark is found on the continental shelves and upper slopes from inshore to deeper waters , preferring rocky , algal-covered areas of kelp beds .
Goldsmith's stores were subsequently folded into Federated 's Macy 's Central division , reorganized into Macy 's South , and today into a differently configured Macy 's Central , the current division encompassing the stores .
1,200 Nambikwara live federal reservations in the Brazilian state of Mato Grosso along the Guapor and Juruena rivers .
The segments of a Tagma may be either fused or moveable .
BMPx discards the old XMMS/ BMP plugin system and uses GStreamer ( 0.10 . x ) as the primary audio playback backend .
The most notable among these is the absence of the hero 's famous love affair with Arthur 's wife Guinevere ; when Ginover ( Guinevere ) is abducted by King Valerin it is not Lanzelet who rescues her , and Lanzelet eventually finds love elsewhere with a young princess named Iblis .
In at least one version of this tale , Brian is actually the clever and subtle one , while his brothers Iuchar and Iucharba are bumbling and easily overawed by Brian .
The Pratimoksha comprehends the vows for nuns and monks ( Buddhist monastics ) as well as vows for the lay followers of Buddhism .
The more accessible dibenzo crown-18-Crown-6 is prepared in one-pot from catechol and bis(chloroethyl)ether .
On 22 November 2007 Celtel doubled it 's One Network countries from 6 to 12 countries by adding Burkina Faso , Chad , Malawi , Niger , Nigeria and Sudan .
The Tlapitzalli could be multi-chambered , examples using up to four chambers are known .
It is an application of this original meaning that is found in the commercial usage of the term for the principal book of account in a business house , the general Ledger or nominal ledger ( see also bookkeeping ) and also in the terms purchase ledger and sales ledger .
The Chteauroux-Dols " Marcel Dassault " Airport is sited on the northern approach to Dols , where there is also a 5 square kilometre business park .
4-Nonanoylmorpholine has been reported to have insect repellant properties in Aedes aegypti mosquitoes .
Stackridge officially announced in 1977 that they had disbanded ; James Warren and Andy Cresswell-Davis formed The Korgis a year later , and had some commercial success in the early 1980s .
There are various versions of the Zagi available for different applications , such as slope soaring , thermal soaring and electric flying .
The escutcheon of pernon shows a white castle on a blue field , surmounted by three gold fleur-de-lis .
The workshops act as a springboard for all those involved including the tutors , many of whom , beginning their relationship with Crisis as members rather than staff .
From the elevation and exposure of the valley , the climate of +Mont-Dore is severe , and the season only lasts from 15 June to 15 September .
To avoid copyright infringement , only one user can access the stream from a Slingbox at a time .
Estover also annexes an industrial estate , it has two schools ; ( formerly Estover Comprehensive School ) and Estover Primary School , both of which are situated along the road Miller Way .
Glosario del Cal de Cd .
The Ri flows into the Danube between Ehingen and Erbach , approx .
For over 150 years , Lazarus was influential in the American retail industry , particularly during the early 20th century as a founding partner in Federated Department Stores , and continued until the nameplate was retired on March 6 , 2005 in favor of Macy 's .
The Sfakians deem themselves as the direct descendants of the Dorians who invaded the island around 1100 BC .
However , once the Squid does stop and change directions , it can very quickly accelerate back to its regular swimming speed .
Phoenicids is associated with the comet D/ 1819 W1 ( Blanpain ) .
Bus routes operate daily between Yyteri and the centre of Pori .
In June 2007 the community began experiments to put the TurboGears API on top of components and protocols used in Pylons and there is speculation that the two frameworks may finally be merging .
Prestonpans is also home to the Royal Musselburgh Golf Club , the sixth-oldest golf course in the world ( and home to The Old Club Cup , the world 's oldest golfing trophy still being played for ) and the town 's cricket team Preston Village Cricket Club .
A well-known example of a ( white wood-hulled ) four-masted Jackass-barque was the Olympic in her times ( she was sayed to be the only one in the world ) , a 1,402 GRT " Down Easter " ( a square-rigged sailing ship from the dockyards of the downeastern ports , preferably made of timber ) , launched in 1892 at the shipyards of the New England Ship Building Company , Bath , ME , for Capt.
The result was a torpedo-shaped craft that , to quote an article in National Fisherman from April , 1978 " ... resembles a topless kayak going backwards . " The Royak of today is a hybrid kayak , meaning it blends the best features of sit-inside and sit-on-top kayaks .
This was integrated into the NetBSD project in 1993 and became NetBSD/ PC532 , with Nelson as the port maintainer .
According to Rick Ebel , the Weepul was created in 1979 by the Oklahoma City promotional firm , Bipo Inc.
Cimetidine , trade name Tagamet , inhibits breakdown of Clorazepate , and leads to increased levels of the drug in the system .
In robot mode , Chromia is extremely agile and able to move quickly around the battlefield while firing her combined weapon with deadly accuracy .
The events of the Rath Cycle ( Tempest , Stronghold , and Exodus ) occur exclusively on the plane of Rath .
All Soritacea keep algal endosymbionts , which may be what allows them to achieve such large sizes .
In 1992 , the Early Printing Museum of Cheongju was opened , and it took the Jikji as its central theme from 2000.
The Czech Railway Museum , opened in 1999 , is situated near the Lun railway station .
New clients are only taken on if it is clear that their vision coincides with the vision that Inetz has of what will make their mutual relationship successful .
A complementary view on the details of the Lola compiler 's implementation can be found in Wirth 's technical report .
They added " Unusually , the paper appeared to be hand-lined using two pens , in squares measuring approximately 6 x 6 millimeters . The paper displayed fluorescence when irradiated at 365 nanometers ; however , color testing for LSD with para-dimethylaminobenzaldehyde ( PDMAB ) was negative . Analysis of a methanol extract by GC/ MS indicated not LSD but rather 4-Chloro-2,5-dimethoxyamphetamine ( DOC , not quantitated but a high loading based on the TIC ) " .
Sacrebleu is also used in several recent Disney movies depicting French characters , including The Aristocats , The Little Mermaid ( 1989 film ) and Beauty and the Beast .
Karukachal is also home to many temples and churches .
Limited accounts of Proscaline can be found in journal articles , and in the book PiHKAL ( Phenethylamines i Have Known And Loved ) .
It springs from the Bbr-Kaczawa Mountains near Kaczorw and flows north and northeast through the towns of wierzawa , Zotoryja , and Legnica .
This disclaimer is stated in the beginning of Hanuman Returns .
CHEP is owned by Brambles Limited .
According to the last BBM ratings published in December 2005 , CINF only has 192,400 listeners .
While most Team stations returned to music programming ( generally oldies ) on August 27 , 2002 , CKGM was one of the few stations where the all-sports format survived , and locally-produced programming was increased .
The Mercora lived on Earth 65 million years ago , during the Cretaceous period after their own world had been destroyed by a black hole .
Being an abstract entity , Infinity has no physical body , but can warp surrounding space and matter into the manifestation of a humanoid form that can be perceived by lesser beings .
Currently geologists working in different regions are studying sea levels , peat bogs and ice core samples by a variety of methods , with a view toward further verifying and refining the Blytt-Sernander sequence .
At the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade round in 1952 , it was proposed that Consularization of commercial invoices be abolished .
The cantrefi were abolished in 1536 with the creation of Denbighshire , but the name of Rhos survives today in places such as Llandrillo-yn-Rhos ( Rhos-on-Sea ) , Llanelian-yn-Rhos , and Penmaen Rhos .
As of spring 2006 , even one wolverine has been verified as living in Bymarka , which is rare , as this elusive predator usually stays in the higher mountains , far from any cities .
Imarex and NOS have merged and are both owned by Imarex ASA ( formerly know as Imarex NOS ) .
Messenger-at-arms must have a commission as a sheriff officer although , unlike sheriff officers , the jurisdiction of a Messenger-at-arms is not limited to the area for which they have a commission .
Renamed the Sedov after the Arctic explorer Georgy Sedov who died during an investigation in the Arctic in 1914 , she was used as a training ship of the Navy from 1952 to 1957.
Standing atop at the summit , it is possible to view the Shetrunjaya River below .
The Mesonephros is included in the Wolffian body after Caspar Friedrich Wolff who described it in 1759.
Limited accounts of 2C-T can be found in the book PiHKAL ( Phenethylamines i Have Known And Loved ) .
In June 2007 , as part of an overall XM management shift in philosophy towards the biggest hit songs on their channels , the playlist was altered so that the biggest hits , that are aired on Lucy , went from a repeat cycle of 60-72 hours to 30-36 hours .
Shin , " Dream and Hope of Korea , Cheonggyecheon Restoration , " Magazine of Korean Water Resources Association , Vol .
The wind controller part of the EWI has a mouthpiece with sensors for air pressure ( volume control ) and lip pressure ( vibrato ) .
He is reported to have invented the Hurricane in the 1940s in New Orleans .
With ARS 's takeover came the change to a new format , Hot Adult Contemporary , and new calls , WZMX , chosen for the station 's Mix format by PD Herb Crowe ( Max on KIIM FM Tucson AZ ) and DJ Ron O , who by the way , was the first on air announcer , speaking English , on WZMX Hartford .
Local , regional and national activist groups were invited by Consolidated to set up tables and information kiosks at their shows while they were on tour .
Some Welfare is general , while specific and can only be invoked under certain circumstances , such as a scholarship .
Today , when visiting Sags , be sure to visit " Els Casals " a good hotel and restaurant , accessible by helicopter .
The eleven northern electoral districts , including AlgomaManitoulin , are those defined for federal purposes in 1996 , based on the 1991 census ( except for a minor boundary adjustment ) .
In 2002 , CMG merged with Logica ; the merged company was known as LogicaCMG until 2008 , when it was renamed back to Logica .
There is also an aspiration reward called the Money Tree where the Sim could get small amounts of money .
The Oroblanco was patented by the University of California after its development at that university 's citrus experiment station in Riverside , California .
Detritus is normally colonized by communities of microorganisms which act to decompose ( or remineralize ) the material .
Within the Wellhead , inside the tubing hanger flange , is the tubing hanger ( commonly referred to as a " dog nut " ) , from which the production tubing hangs .
The 2000s saw PMFM change their name to The All New 92.9 , and then to just 92.9 .
Any roller coaster on which it is possible for a Rollback to occur will have these brakes .
In the Zeus calorimeter SubatomicParticles interact with Uranium atoms to produce slow moving neutrons which are captured by the scintillator and increase the hadronic signal .
In the case of a Lithosere the pioneer species will be cyanobacteria and algae , which create their own food and wateri . e.
It seems that TrkB could make tumor cells resistant to Anoikis by activating phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase ( PI3K ) signaling cascade .
In June 2006 , Pocoyo was awarded , at the 30th International Festival of Annecy , the Cristal Award for the " Best TV Production " .
A Set form is the arrangement of an ordered set : the prime form ( original order ) , inverse ( upside down ) , retrograde ( backwards ) , and retrograde inverse ( backwards and upside down ) ( ibid ) .
The Budapest-Bamako was inspired by the Paris Dakar Rally .
It is claimed that there are still six Comechingn families in Crdoba in the barrio Alto alberdi .
A short , heavy white Baton was the symbol of the imperial mandate given ( as his title reflects ) to a Roman military legate ; he held it high proclaiming 'above your head and mine ' to invoke his right to represent the emperor with an authority no one present could challenge .
The cultivated area of Huxelrebe in Germany covers convert .
Rssler , Endophysics , in : J.
Typical Bo-Bo locomotives include DB Class 120 , FS Class E464 and SJ Class Rc4 .
Dahl took the name from the great " flying " filly , Fifinella who won the Epsom Derby and Epsom Oaks in 1916 , the year Dahl was born .
Several examples of Microsimulation models in health sciences have been brought together in the U. S.
This protocol will allow configuration , status monitoring , and management of these devices in such a way that does not disturb the normal operation of standard DMX devices that do not recognize the RDM protocol .
The history of MarsCon begins with an earlier convention known as Sci-Con , a well established , general science fiction convention in Virginia Beach , Virginia .
The distinction of Pellaea from the typically hairier or scalier Cheilanthes has proven difficult , with some members ( e. g. , the African Pellaea viridis ) being of uncertain affinity , listed by different authors in both genera .
Bohinj has become a starting point for tourists for day trips , for walks on the trails that run throughout the valley , and for mountaineering and climbing tours .
The term dates from the practice in the United Kingdom of awarding a Cap ( meaning an item of headgear ) to every player in an international match of Association Football ; however , the act of awarding a cap is now international and is applied to other sports .
The Confidant character is most common in romantic comedy film but often appear in other genres .
Unlike other Arthropods , insects possess no legs on the Abdomen in adult form , though the Protura do have rudimentary leg-like appendages on the first three abdominal segments , and Archaeognatha possess small , articulated " styli " which are sometimes considered to be rudimentary appendages .
Apportionment is also applied in party-list proportional representation elections to distribute seats between different parties once they 've won a particular percentage of the vote .
The Z-factor predicts if useful data could be expected if the assay were scaled up to millions of samples .
Videos that are uploaded to Revver are ( according to the deal ) passed on to Zango in exchange for a fee .
Notable historic residents of Asthall include the Mitford family , known for their six dynamic daughters , four of which wrote best-selling books .
Her behavior seems childlike , but she has access to at least some of the memories of the original Preserver she was cloned from .
Finch , lusting for power , gained cybernetic parts and nanotechnology from an unknown benefactor , becoming Gearhead , and wreaked havoc in Gotham City .
The SOPMOD kit is composed mostly of non-developmental and commercial off-the-shelf ( NDI/ COTS ) accessories packaged together to support four M4A1 carbines .
Until 1990 , the varieties of Balaramapuram had excellent market potential and the weavers there were getting reasonable income and could maintain a better standard of living .
In 2000 it changed the calls to KRKA and in 2003 switched to its current format .
The Feature concept is very general and the choice of features in a particular computer vision system may be highly dependent on the specific problem at hand .
The morphine Syrette used in World War II had a wire loop pin with a guard in the end of the hollow needle that was used to break a seal where the needle was attached to the tube .
The Drentse Fietsvierdaagse attracts over 30000 participants and is one of over 60 fietsmeerdaagse ( i. e. 3 or 4 day cycling events ) held around the country each year .
A Two-step consists of two steps in approximately the same direction onto the same foot , separated by a closing step with the other foot .
Recent interpretations of the Dark Knight finds additional motivation to use the Batarang as a ranged attack alternative to firearms , which he rejects outright due to the circumstances of his parents ' murder .
Aspredinidae is often recognized as a part of the primarily Asian superfamily Sisoroidea as the sister group to the family Erethistidae .
The usage was popularized by Bill Murray in the 1980 hit movie Caddyshack where he pretends as the announcer to his own golf fantasy : " Cinderella story . Outta nowhere . A former greenskeeper , now , about to become the Masters champion . " Murray is said to have improvised the scene in one take from two lines of stage direction .
The FNRS-2 set world diving records , besting those of the bathyspheres , as no unwieldy cable was required for diving .
KEMA performs business consulting in energy and technology implementation .
The Fife and Kinross Railway , which opened in 1857 , used Ladybank as its eastern terminus further increasing the importance of the station .
After two additional cyclizations , intermediate 6 produces Longifolene by a 1,2-alkyl migration .
The sale does not include the development and internal beta systems for MajorMUD development .
At least one species , Muraena retifera , possesses an additional " raptorial pharyngeal jaw " within the pharynx , which is mobile and can be thrust forwards quickly to assist in grasping prey .
The Nykredit Group is Denmark 's largest mortgage provider with lending of DKK 622bn and a market share of 40.6 % of total mortgage lending at end-2004 .
The lfus has a strong salmon fishing industry .
True Hotseat games involve the players actually having some effect upon each other , so the Mario/ Luigi play in Super Mario Bros.
The Aulne river flows through Chteaulin .
In April 1532 , along with his companion , Quizquiz defeated and captured Huascar and promptly killed his family .
Today , boat traffic coming from Nantes via Redon has to take the Canal du Blavet and the Blavet river in order to reach the ocean near Lorient .
The postal agency , and nearby Lake Sibhayi after which it is named , are commonly mis-spelt as Sibaya , Sibayi or Sibhaya .
It appears that all other Jurassic and Cretaceous ammonites ( Ammonitina , Lytoceratina , Ancyloceratina ) must have arisen from the ! Phylloceratina , since among these ammonitides only Phylloceratina are present from the early Triassic period onward .
Inspired by the song itself , Rolston decided to visualize the sung-about Afrodisiac as a liquid , eventually arranging the construction of a water-flooded " outtrack world " that shows Brandy and her dancers performing in an ankle-deep basin and in front of water-reflecting walls respectively .
Once Kelkoo merged with 3 other European businesses , it absorbed those founders into one single collective , consisting of Per Lindberg , William Klippgen , Philip Wilkinson , and Jorge Garcia .
At the time of the purchase Drayton had been lead developer on Interarchy for nearly six years .
Nowadays the Hardturm holds 17,666 spectators with standing areas for the home and away fans .
The most common example is in the head of a tap ( faucet ) where the Gland is usually packed with string which has been soaked in tallow or similar grease .
OpenArena version 0.7.6 adds the new Elimination , CTF Elimination , Last Man Standing and Double Domination gametypes .
Mithridate takes its name from its inventor , Mithridates , King of Pontus , who is said to have so fortified his body against poisons with antidotes and preservatives , that when he tried to kill himself , he could not find any poison that would have an effect .
It is best known in the tonal languages of West Africa , but the pitch accent of Japanese ( a non-tonal language ) is quite similar to Downstep in Africa .
The Roosterfish has an unusual arrangement of its ears : the swim bladder penetrates the brain through the large foramina and makes contact with the inner ear .
Upstep is much rarer as a phoneme than its opposite , downstep .
The current ruling families of Bahrain ( the Al Khalifa ) and Kuwait ( the Al-Sabah ) belong to the 'Utub , though genealogically they trace their descent to the 'Anizzah confederation .
Presumable this would have been Brawn after he was upgraded in the Universe series .
PC Magazine lists Experts-Exchange as one of the top 101 websites .
The Tubeteika is worn typically by the turkic ethnic groups of the region .
( Strab . v. p. 250 ; Serv . ad Aen . xi . 785. ) This tradition appears to indicate that the Hirpini were regarded as having migrated , like the other Sabellian races in the south of Italy , from more northerly abodes ; but we have no indication of the period , or supposed period , of this migration , and , from their position in the fastnesses of the central Apennines , it is probable that they were established from a very early time in the region which we find them occupying when they first appear in history .
The ICU had taken the town in order to fulfill its promise to end piracy on the Benadir Coast , and Hobyo was the last remaining major port south of Puntland ( which , being a coherent state , had a handle on piracy on their coast ) .
However , the outworks close to the Enceinte were not considered as forming part of it .
From the point of view of the Remisier , the additional financial burden of having to bear  or recompense to the stockbroking company - his or her own operational costs ( in todays context , this may include the rental of office space and ancillary costs , telecommunications costs , and computer hardware and software costs ) is outweighed by the potential for substantial commission income through his or her 40 % share of the trading commission .
Since , I-Mag has returned back as a quarterly magazine , starting from the fifth issue , which was published on September 2005.
One Nonsuch 33 has been delivered so far , with work on a second underway .
For composers of the time , the Archicembalo made total modulatory freedom a possibility without sacrificing the purity of meantone temperament 's just thirds as with 12-tone equal temperament .
Jennyanydots and Skimbleshanks are often portrayed as mates .
The Radiodrum works in a similar way to the theremin , which uses magnetic capacitance to locate the position of the drumsticks .
In 2001 and 2002 Enodis sold its building and consumer products division , including Magnet , and also several other subsidiaries to become a focused food equipment production company .
It is named after Emile Amagat , who also has Amagat 's law named after him .
However , by 500 BCE Chalcatzingo had lost its centrality in Mexican Highland culture .
The album was named for the discredited pseudoscience of Phrenology , the study of head shapes to determine intelligence and character .
This was in connection to Grameenphone providing VoIP equipment and services to an ISP , AccessTel .
Exactly 6 weeks later , MakRadio Incorporated was founded by four businessmen , two of them being Alex Reed and Mak McKeehan .
Although most melodies and lyrical content found in a Jal song are strangely reminiscent of the last jal song you may have heard .
Rupee eventually moved to Barbados in 1985.
A Tauroctony was found , its representation essentially unchanging , at the center of every mithraeum .
Hernani , although he could charge the King with a crime , allows him to go free .
Patients with idiopathic CD4+ Lymphocytopenia may have either abnormally low but stable CD4+ cell counts , or abnormally low and progressively falling CD4+ cell counts ; the latter condition is terminal .
An example can be found in of a case where multiple WQXGA displays must be stacked to exceed HXGA or WHXGA resolution .
Marv proceeds to torture and kill Kevin , then stages a one-man attack on the Cardinal 's fortress .
Due to changes in the prototype regulations in 2006 , Zytek would upgrade one of their existing 04S chassis while building a third all-new car , now named the 06S .
Kalina measures 17 feet , 9 inches and weighs approximately 6,300 pounds .
Unaware of who Belinda really is , Jeremy falls in love with her and paints her portraits nude .
Species which difficulty is medium : Centropyge argi , Centropyge acanthops , Centropyge aurantonotus , Centropyge bispinosa .
When kept in an aquarium Cherubfish are distributed throughout the tank .
A Modern History of Taekwondo 1999 ( Korean ) Kyong Myung Lee and Kang Won Sik ISBN 89-358-0124-0 Global Taekwondo 2003 ( English ) Kyo Yoon Lee ISBN 89-952721-4-7 A Guide to Taekwondo 1996 ( English ) Kyo Yoon Lee ISBN 8975000648 Kukkiwon 25th Anniversary Text 1997 ( Korean ) Un Yong Kim Jidokwan Annual Year Book 1989 ( Korean ) Chong Woo Lee Kim , Soo and Robert McLain .
Angelo arrives to the greeting sounds of a barcarolle .
In 2008 , Unheilig released album " Puppenspiel " which is the follow up to the 2006 studio album " Moderne Zeiten " .
2CC also provides live coverage of all Canberra Raiders rugby league games with its own Canberra based commentary team .
Determined to keep things the way they are , Brainwave distracts the Guild with a giant robot , while he battles the League with his powers .
It is disputed whether a Brainbuster is a suplex variant or a high lifting spike DDT .
Commonly the Trecento is considered to be the beginning of the Renaissance in art history .
, a pioneer in high power semiconductor applications , Powerex offers a broad line of products , including IGBT ; MOSFET Modules ; Intelligent Power Modules ( IPM ) ; DIP-IPM ; Module Accessories ( including gate drivers and DC-DC Converters ) ; Discrete Thyristors/ SCR ( Silicon Controlled Rectifier ) ; Discrete Rectifiers ; Thyristor and Diode Modules ; Fast Recovery and Three-Phase Diode Modules ; Assemblies ; IGBT Assemblies ; and Custom Modules .
However , the Upper Jurassic rocks are available to supply the clay element of the materials for the cement works which lie between the river and the canal between Pacy-sur-Armanon and Lzinnes .
In 1991 when the IRS seized the accounts receivable , WCZX was sold to locally based Beehive Entertainment which picked up many personalities formerly of WEOK which had previously been the oldies station in the market .
The main subclans of the Dir are Gadabuursi , Suure ( Cabdalle and Qubeys ) , Akisho , Biyomaal , Gurgure , and Gadsan .
Justice Minister Tzipi Livni reportedly told Israel Army Radio that Kadima intended to help foster the desire for a separate Palestinian state , a move which was applauded by leftist Yossi Beilin .
Semantically , Banzo is more specific than saudade : one who feels banzo also feels saudade but not vice versa .
Renowned outside of Khador too , the Institute houses a great industrial capability to help bring theories to fruition , along with large workshops staffed by senior faculty .
The types of key and data may differ , and the elements of the Map are internally sorted from lowest to highest key value .
Falcon AT claims to be one of the first flight sims to use EGA graphics .
Since 1998 , the German motorcycle Grand Prix moved to the Sachsenring from Nrburgring .
This effort resulted in the Asahiflex I , which was also the first Japanese 35mm SLR .
In 2005 , interested people started discussing the organization of a Connect6 website at and supporting a forum for discussion .
Garth Norman has counted 89 stelae , 61 altars , 3 thrones , and 68 " miscellaneous monuments at Izapa . In contrast to the ruler-oriented sculpture of the Epi-Olmec culture 330 miles ( 550 km ) across the Isthmus of Tehuantepec , Izapan sculpture has features mythological and religious subjects , and is ceremonial and frequently narrative in nature . Also , in contrast to Epi-Olmec and later Maya stela , Izapa monuments rarely contain glyphs . Although this could imply that the Izapan culture lacked knowledge of any writing system , Julia Guernsey , author of a definitive work on Izapa sculpture , proposes instead that the monuments were intentionally language-free and that " Izapa 's position at the juncture of two linguistic regions may have fostered the penchant for non-verbal communicative strategies .
In ear , nose and throat practices , it is treated by examining the patient in the office and reassuring the patient that Laryngospasm resolves .
The last construction phases of the largest pyramids at Nakbe date to the beginning of this period .
Lake Hamana in Hamamatsu city , Shizuoka prefecture is famous throughout Japan as the home of the highest quality unagi ; as a result , the lake is surrounded by many small restaurants specializing in various Unagi dishes .
Mobile phone software allows a user to connect to a media server within the wireless carrier network , which is distributing ( phonecasting ) the Phonecast , and displays the audio or video content to the user 's mobile device .
In the internet it is known as " Saw 0.5 " .
These territories were ruled by Transylvania , but were not formally part of the Principality ( later Grand Principality ) of Transylvania , and so the name Partium was coined .
Among the vocal compositions of Dmitri Shostakovich , who is known for his satirical character , there are 5 Romances on texts from Krokodil Magazine ( 1965 ) , which is a satire of Soviet satire .
She resided at Glencoole House , one of the four iconic multi-story flats that tower over Rathcoole located near The Diamond shopping centre in the heart of the area .
The name gishiri comes from the word Gishiri which is Hausa for " salt " .
In addition to Ford and Mazda products , Samcor also assembled Mitsubishi commercial vehicles , with a Mitsubishi minibus being badged as the Ford Husky .
Despite inherent problems , such as his fingers being too big to operate communication devices , Fuji still enjoys bragging about how beautiful he considers himself to be .
In one strange case , three German missionaries assisted the Coastwatchers after escaping Japanese captivity .
In the newer CORBA versions , the remote object on the server side is split into the Object ( that is exposed to remote invocations ) and Servant ( where the former part delegates the method calls ) .
Guaiacol is also used in the preparation of eugenol and vanillin .
RMI-IIOP is largely based on the Object by Value concept that serves as a container or direct replacement for CORBA structures , unions , sequences , arrays and strings .
The show emphasized their culture by making Christy , and most of the main cast , outsiders in one fashion or the other .
The DuVersity was founded in 1998 by Anthony Blake and Karen Stefano .
The latest event , Polaris 22 took place July 11-13 , 2008.
Throughout the series , Kudamon gains the ability to Digivolve into a number of more powerful forms , each with a different name and special attack .
KUNA-LP signed on the air originally as K15EI on May 15 , 1996 and then switched call letters to KUNA-LP on March 31 , 2003.
To see examples of various product cutaways , you can visit the websites of Cutaway specialty companies , such as Cutaways .
Koskowola is also known as the place of death of the Polish poets : Franciszek Dionizy Knianin and Franciszek Zabocki .
IgoUgo members can also create a personal friends network , which allows them to stay up-to-date on all their favorite IgoUgo contributors ' travel journals .
In the beginning of the book , Mark had only been in JPod for three weeks ( hence his boring nickname ) .
One of the most famous Nasheed artists now is Mishary Rashid Al-Afasy .
The player would gather credits to buy power-ups for their ship , allowing them to voyage deeper into enemy territory , blow up ever more powerful Armada , and perform missions of increasing importance and danger as the alliance fights not only for answers as to why the Armada attack , but for their very lives .
Baddington falls within the catchment areas of Sound and District Primary School in Sound and Brine Leas High School in Nantwich .
George Loddiges also linked the nursery into the scientific circles of the day , becoming a Fellow of the Microscopical Society ( FMS ) , Fellow of the Linnean Society ( FLS ) , Fellow of the Horticultural Society ( FHS ) , and Fellow of the Zoological Society ( FZS ) in London , for he had wide interests in scientific subjects beyond botany , becoming particularly knowledgeable about early microscopy and one aspect of ornithology ( humming-birds ) .
Often , very competitive Enduro riders will compete in similar non-Enduro events or in other Enduro series .
1953 'Baginton Castle Excavations ' , Trans .
Balderton Old Boys also are a local football team .
The first Prowler was a criminal turned superhero by the name of Hobie Brown .
The plots of the Superman books were often linked during the first few years of the series run .
The story takes place around the year 1900 , when Mandie is 12 years old .
Meanwhile , former drummer for Steelheart , John Fowler , was working on two new projects- the Voodoo Jets and Smoke , Chris Risola has a guitar studio and joined Steelheart for the +Just A Taste tour .
American composer John Corigliano calls one of the movements of his 1975 Concerto for Oboe and Orchestra " Rhaita Dance , " asking the oboist to imitate a rhaita by pushing the reed further into his or her mouth .
As of 19th May 2008 a free version of the @Mail webmail client was made available .
Joseph wrote in 1996 , " According to the theory of Prebendalism , state offices are regarded as prebends that can be appropriated by officeholders , who use them to generate material benefits for themselves and their constituents and kin groups ... " As a result of that kind of patron-client or identity politics , Nigeria has regularly been one of the lowest ranked nations for political transparency by Transparency International in its Corruption Perceptions Index .
San Luis Potos is the home of the Otom , a people famous for their weaving , and it is in Santa Mara del Ro , San Luis Potos that the Rebozo Caramelo , the most expensive rebozo , is made .
As well , Reharmonization is often used to introduce a new section in the music , such as a coda or bridge .
The story traces the decline of a drunken and dissolute poet , Baal , an anti-hero who rejects the conventions and trappings of polite society .
Textual scholars regard the two accounts as different versions of the same events at Meribah , with the version in the Book of Exodus being from the JE source , and the version in the Book of Numbers being from the Priestly Source ; the latter account , like the Priestly Source in general , is considered to be an attempt to supplant the JE version of the narrative , which does n't treat Aaron as being as important as the Aaronid writer of the Priestly Source would have liked .
CRAM-MD5 is required for On-Demand Mail Relay ( ODMR ) defined in RFC 2645.
Gag designs , like other medical instrument designs , are often named after their invertors .
Profilin was then believed to sequester actin monomers ( keep them in a pro-filamentous form ) , and release them upon a signal to make them accessible for fast actin polymer growth .
RARDEN Rarden .
If the player holds the control key while stationary , a single Cloud will form that will increase in height ; a short white cloud cannot purify a tall dark cloud , and so the white cloud must be made taller in order to conquer a large dark cloud .
The process by which an object is formally included in the Collection is called accessioning and each object is given a unique accession number .
Since 1852 , Apollinaris is sourced from a spring in Bad Neuenahr , Germany .
There has been discussions on whether the Bibliotheca was in fact compiled in Baghdad at the time of Photius ' embassy to the Abbasid court in Samarra in june 845 , since many of the mentioned works - the majority by secular authors - seems to have been virtually nonexistent in both contemporary and later Byzantium .
" SST oryg " is another common manufacturer of Detangler systems .
The Geon scale is also applicable to other planets with different histories , and to the universe itself .
Together , they are able to free the minds of the villainous X-Corps members , as well as control several duplicates of Multiple Man , and use them in an assault on Paris .
In 1986 Maxol acquired Ola , operator of an oil terminal at Drogheda , north of Dublin .
It began initially while Fantasia was Super User of Lintilla in 1995 , then was hosted on lintilla itself , and eventually became its own Multiple Worlds in its own right .
The colorless Jargoon may be obtained by heating certain colored stones .
A gilhie-wetfoot , a term now obsolete ( a translation of gillie-casfiiuc/ s , from the Gaelic cas foot and fliuch wet ) , was the Gillie whose duty it was to carry his master over streams .
Relaxin is produced from its prohormone , pro-relaxin , by splitting off one additional peptide chain .
If there are no strong land use controls , buildings are built along a bypass , converting it into an ordinary town road , and the Bypass may eventually become as congested as the local streets it was intended to avoid .
coronary artery Bypass surgery by moving blood vessels or implanting synthetic tubing .
In 2007 , the conservative writer and activist David Horowitz launched a series of lectures and protests on college campuses under the title of " Islamofascism Awareness Week . " At least 40 Universities moved officially to distance themselves from the event Several Muslims and non-Muslims on different college campuses aware of the event came out in opposition to it .
The legal document which carries a Claim is called a Statement of Claim .
At the same time on the AM portion of the dial , Salem moved the WHK calls and religious format from 1420 to 1220 , the WKNR calls and sports talk format were moved from 1220 to 850 , and Radio Seaway took over the 1420 frequency from Salem and renamed it WCLV ( whereas the 104.9 frequency had to officially take the WCLV-FM callsign ) .
He gave land in the area to Lanercost Priory and his nephew was known as Ralph de Birdoswald indicating he had a house there .
The adrenaline rushing through his body makes him take a greater Risk each time .
The only wide-body ever to have the option for a full-height built-in Airstair was the Lockheed L-1011 .
Khilchipur has an average literacy rate of 61 % , higher than the national average of 59.5 % : male literacy is 72 % , and female literacy is 51 % .
Berocca also advertise specially to bloggers , giving away free stress kits and packs of Berocca to bloggers who sign up .
Traditionally , the Wig-wag will flash the right and left headlights ( often the high-beams ) alternately , but some designs will flash both headlights on and off together .
Unlike kicking , however , once a player receives a Handball they are called to play-on by the umpire ( players are not awarded a mark for catching a handball ) .
A brave battle was fought by Godfrey O'Donnell , Lord of Tirconnell , in defence of his country , with the Lord Justice of Ireland , Maurice Fitzgerald , and the other English nobles of Connaught , at Creadran-Cille in Ros-cede , in the territory of Carbury , to the north of Sligo .
After the foundation of Lindores Abbey in 1191 the church was given to the abbey .
But , for the purposes of ascribing legal responsibility to the Principal , when the Agent acts with actual or apparent authority , all the Agent 's knowledge will be imputed to the Principal .
With the very fast response time of the Hydristor , a need for really quick acceleration is easily accomplished by 'ratioing ' the Hydristor to allow the motor to race and make the desired power .
Maihar has an average literacy rate of 64 % , higher than the national average of 59.5 % : male literacy is 72 % , and female literacy is 56 % .
Indeed , were it not for Imputation , there would be a perverse incentive to conduct business through Agents rather than personally .
While it is widely assumed that the problem lies primarily in men refusing to grant the Get to their wives and that it is a widespread issue , in Israel , figures released from the chief rabbinate show that men are equally victimized and that the numbers are a couple of hundred on each side .
The length of the Nipple is usually specified by the overall length with threads .
Nagod has an average literacy rate of 68 % , higher than the national average of 59.5 % : male literacy is 76 % , and female literacy is 60 % .
are Playtex ( its third largest brand ) , Bali , Just My Size , Barely There , Wonderbra , Leggs , C9 by Champion , Duofold , Beefy-T , Outer Banks , Sol y Oro , Rinbros , Zorba and Ritmo .
The Knigsallee stretches from Karl-Theodor-Str .
However , for the new millennium , Slingo launched a new version with newer graphics than the old game , and it had a resemblance to the graphics of the kid 's version of the game .
The Hatuqwai people lived mostly in mountains between lowel valleys of Pshish River and Belaya River .
It was founded in 1863 by Ernest Solvay to produce sodium carbonate by the solvay process .
This speech , known as 'Uttarpara Speech ' , is a valuable work for understanding Hinduism and Sanatan dharma by Sri Aurobindo .
After this battle against Estonia 's traditional oppressors , Jaanihtu and the lighting of the traditional bonfires became linked with the ideals of independence and freedom .
This Clanger will result in him being ridiculed by all his peers and brought back to his attention for the remaining years of his life .
The Loner may take pride in or be ashamed of his or her behavior .
It is estimated by the UK Department of Transport that SMIDSY incidents account for around 25 % of all motorcycle accidents .
She has been introduced to Katina , and the two have recently been spending time together .
The value of a Noble is equal to the platinum content of the coin .
To commemorate the relocation of Library@orchard , NLB are planning hold a series of public events and programmes , such as exhibitions , film screenings , talks and even " live " performances by local bands and musicians , in the months leading to the closure .
Like library@orchard , Library@esplanade does not have any children 's books .
However , the opposing celebrity got a chance to use a " Blackout button , " which effectively acted as a " mute " button , silencing the playback as it was pressed .
The MDIO interface is implemented by two pins , an MDIO pin and a Management Data Clock ( MDC ) pin .
The Aberconwy division has not yet been fought .
" Tatavla " retained its practically exclusively Greek population and atmosphere well beyond the Ottoman Empire , almost till the 1950s , although its name was changed to Kurtulu after the Young Turks took power .
But both methods are considered inconvenient by consumers and also depend heavily on consumers to seek out the upgrade , and therefore the majority of mobile phone manufacturers and operators have now adopted FOTA technology for their handsets .
Acutance is related to the amplitude of the derivative of brightness with respect to space .
One is that Coasties do not pay their own tuition because they come from socioeconomically privileged families .
Hellstrike bears a long grudge against Deathtrap for both this and Anne 's murder .
Spotlight is broadcast from BBC Broadcasting House in Seymour Road , Plymouth - this is the main headquarters for all BBC South West programming , on TV , radio and online .
Ricola is known for its commercials featuring Heidi ( Ramona Pringle ) depicting mountaineers shouting " Ri-co-la ! " and blowing through a large Alphorn .
The Polsten was designed to be simple and much cheaper to build than the Oerlikon without reducing effectiveness .
Weaker Construction : a Cryx warjack will have a lower Armor score ( which prevents damage ) and fewer boxes of Hull Points ( the effective hit points of the model ) representing their lighter , yet more fragile , build .
KSWT aired some PAX programming during afternoons beginning in 2000 , but had reverted to full-time CBS by 2004.
Benhall is split into two ; one side of the A12 road is Benhall Low Street , whereas the other is Benhall Green .
There are also a number of helipads around Seria town , including one at Panaga Hospital .
The Rear typically contains all elements of the force necessary to support combat forces - food , medical supplies and substantial shelters , planners and command headquarters .
The show was set in the news department of a fictional television station whose actual callsign was WNDY ( interestingly , the station that uses these call letters in real life was once owned by CBS ) , but which was nicknamed WIOU by its staff because of the station 's financial struggles .
KYMA was granted its initial license on April 29 1988.
Poundage was applied at a rate of 12 old pence in the pound ( equivalent to five pence in the pound today ) .
Benwick comprises around 330 houses , and in 2001 the census showed the population to be around 860.
Today the village is served by Pengam railway station .
Every Pixel is of a different 24-bit colour , and there is a pixel of every colour , so there are exactly 16,777,216 of them at any given time .
Ketyl radicals can be found in the use of sodium/ benzophenone as a desiccant in distilling solvents .
This suggests that Crowds should be able to grow quite large .
The poem " The Conqueror Worm " was first incorporated into the text as a poem composed by Ligeia in the New York World .
The word Bioshelter was coined by the New Alchemy Institute and solar designers Sean Wellesley-Miller and Day Chahroudi ( Todd , J , Todd , N. 1994 ) .
Originally with two members , the constituency was split into Lillooet West and Lillooet East in the 1894 , 1898 , and 1900 elections , with Lillooet West being recomprised as one riding ( with only one member ) in the 1903 election .
Furthermore , several books and CDs published in the mid-to-late 1990s were offered as a guide to learning the Klingon language .
Dominus was able to create duplicates of each of the three artificially created beings .
WXNT also broadcasts Fox News Radio reports at the top of every hour .
Bebe said that even if there is pressure to build up a discography , " I am not thinking of making another CD for quite some time . For a little more than two years I 've promoted the same CD and I 'm still not done . " Nonetheless , she planned to continue touring the US and Mexico .
The rights have since been acquired by Emmis Communications ' 97.1 " Hank FM . " WFBQ is the State Primary Source for the Indiana Emergency Alert System .
The whoami utility has been obsoleted by the id utility and displays a user 's Id as a name .
Melaina was also identified with Thyia who is named as the mother of Delphos in other traditions .
Pan-STARRS will also measure proper motion and parallax and should thereby discover a large number of brown dwarfs and white dwarfs and other nearby faint objects , and it should be able to conduct a complete census of all stars within 100 parsecs of the Sun .
The official name City-Center is seldom used by , and usually even unknown to , the common Helsinkian .
Blizzard has alleged in legal filings that Warden prevents players from creating unauthorized copies of the game client , which was previously an unknown function .
The Rapper Common was asked to play the part of Roadblock in the live action G. I.
The landscape architect Egbert Mos renovated the Vondelpark for the city in the 1950s .
The MSDC device class can be implemented by any kind of electronic device which has embedded memory storage in any form such as flash memory , IDE hard drives , etc.
The Nut marks one end of the speaking length of each open string , sets the spacing of the strings across the neck , and usually holds the strings at the proper height from the fingerboard .
c.24 An Act for abolishing the Offences of Forestalling , regrating and Engrossing , and for repealing certain Statutes passed in restraint of Trade , finally tidied up law by repealing 19 other Acts passed between the reigns of Henry III and Edward VI .
The Prothorax never bears wings in extant insects , though some fossil groups possessed wing-like projections .
The Farandole bears similarities to the gavotte , jig , and tarantella .
This could be attributed to there being numerous popular videos being on the Countdown at a certain time .
Some indigenous groups from South America use the secretions of Phyllomedusa bicolor also called Giant Leaf Frog , in shamanic hunting practices .
It is actually said in the epic that Drona 's soul has already left his body through his mediation , but Dhristadyumna takes this opportunity , swings onto Drona 's chariot , and lops off his head .
Carlinhos was capped for the Brazilian national team several times in the 1960s .
The Pantsuit was very popular in the 1920s , when women took on a new role wearing pantsuits , hats , and even using canes .
Some students complain that Saxon does not foster hands-on learning experiences or that the constant review is boring .
Having been courted away from WHB in 2003 , when KCSP began , he ran a show for a few years .
In the case of the IACT , the earth 's atmosphere is used as the detection medium , implying a collection area of many hundreds of square meters .
Nearly all of the 785 voters in the first election were in the goldfield towns , Quesnel ( then Quesnellemouthe ) , Williams Lake or towns and ranches south along the Cariboo Road and other routes of the era , and those along the West Fraser from the Chilcotin River , including the Gang Ranch south to just north of Big Bar , an isolated canyon ranching , river-crossing and wagon-trail town in the Fraser Canyon , which was in the Lillooet riding .
In order that the sheer quantity of detail is useful to a rally team , Pacenotes are written in a tight shorthand which is read out loud by the navigator to the driver en route .
Also in the Zhangjiajie area , Huanglongdong (  ) and Longwangdong (  ) are caves known for many natural rock formations ( much like Wulingyuan ) and its underground cataract .
Kaltenkirchen has a few schools and is planning a shopping centre around the new railway station .
in diameter , was that built by Agrippa in his thermae on the south side of the Pantheon , and is referred to by Cassius ( liii.23 ) , who states that , in addition to other works , he constructed the hot bath chamber which he called the Laconicum Gymnasium .
( Infinity Inc 51-53 , 1988 ) Artemis later changed her codename to Tigress , and she would fight members of the Justice Society of America including Hawkman and Hawkgirl .
In the late 19th century Changde became a prosperous commercial center and the chief agricultural central market of the Yuan River basin .
The area of the town of Atlin is part of the Inland Tlingit Nation .
the Phoenician alphabet 's letter had A linear form that served as the basis for some later forms .
Achilles also has the attributes of being the most handsome of the heroes assembled against Troy , as well as the quickest .
Aristotle and the Philosophy of Friendship .
In Algeria there are 10 universities , 7 colleges , and 5 institutes for higher learning .
Alchemy has been practiced in Mesopotamia , Ancient Egypt , Persia , India , Japan , Korea and China , in Classical Greece and Rome , in the Muslim civilizations , and then in Europe up to the 19th centuryin a complex network of schools and philosophical systems spanning at least 2500 years .
The most common method of presenting Animation is as a motion picture or video program , although several other forms of presenting animation also exist .
Economists measure the total factor productivity of Agriculture and by this measure agriculture in the United States is roughly 2.6 times more productive than it was in 1948.
All true Algae therefore have a nucleus enclosed within a membrane and chloroplasts bound in one or more membranes .
The hydrogen atoms of the Alkane are progressively replaced by halogen atoms .
The specific procedures for appealing , including even whether there is a right of Appeal from a particular type of decision , can vary greatly from country to country .
It may have been preceded by an optional " pre-answer " motion to dismiss or demurrer ; if such a motion is unsuccessful , the defendant must file an Answer to the complaint or risk an adverse default judgment .
The Abacus was in use centuries before the adoption of the written modern numeral system and is still widely used by merchants and clerks in China , Japan , Africa , India and elsewhere .
Common examples include acetic Acid ( in vinegar ) and sulfuric acid ( used in car batteries ) .
However , with the first sub-orbital flight of the privately-funded SpaceShipOne in 2004 , a new category of Astronaut was created : the commercial astronaut .
Alpha and beta in turn came from the first two letters of the Phoenician Alphabet , and meant ox and house respectively .
A number of correlations have been found between an individuals reaction and tolerance to Ambiguity and a range of factors .
However , the Aardvark is not closely related to the pig ; rather , it is the sole recent representative of the obscure mammalian order Tubulidentata , in which it is usually considered to form a single variable species of the genus 'Orycteropus ' , coextensive with the family Orycteropodidae .
Unlike other hyenas , the diet of the Aardwolf almost completely consists of termites , other insect larvae and carrion .
This feature leads the homeowner and builders to begin thinking about the installation of a chimney , a feat regarded as a necessity in any Adobe building .
For some people , Adventure becomes a major pursuit in and of itself .
Aruba is renowned for its white , sandy beaches on the western and southern coasts of the island , relatively sheltered from fierce ocean currents .
Anti-corruption watchdog Transparency International rated Angola one of the 10 most corrupt countries in the world in 2005.
The Intelligent Mechatronics Lab , directed by Kobayashidn at the Science University of Tokyo , has developed an Android head called Saya , which was exhibited at Robodex 2002 in Yokohama , Japan .
Alberta is home to many large carnivores .
Afghanistan has a continental climate with hot summers and cold winters .
Surrounded by powerful , warring empires , Albania has experienced considerable violence and competition for control throughout its history .
Allah was not the sole divinity and the notion of the term may have been vague in the Meccan religion .
The first confirmed sighting of Antarctica can be narrowed down to the crews of ships captained by three individuals .
Argentina enjoys a diversified service sector , which includes well-developed social , corporate , financial , insurance , real-estate , transport and communication services , as well as vigorous commercial and tourist trades .
In 1922 , Azerbaijan became part of the Transcaucasian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic { TSFSR ) .
Gz Shioda 's Yoshinkan Aikido , considered one of the 'hard styles ' , largely follows Ueshiba 's teachings from before World War II , and surmises that the secret to ki lies in timing and the application of the whole body 's strength to a single point .
Thus Boolos and Jeffrey are saying that an Algorithm implies instructions for a process that " creates " output integers from an arbitrary " input " integer or integers that , in theory , can be chosen from 0 to infinity .
However , it is generally agreed that the use of Mouthwash does not eliminate the need for both brushing and flossing .
The object of the game is to shoot and destroy Asteroids and saucers while not colliding with either , or being hit by the saucers ' counter-fire .
The Asterales can be characterized on the morphological and molecular level .
Limited information about the shapes and compositions of asteroids can be inferred from their light curves ( their variation in brightness as they rotate ) and their spectral properties , and Asteroid sizes can be estimated by timing the lengths of star occulations ( when an asteroid passes directly in front of a star ) .
An Affidavit which reflected a better grasp of the facts close in time to the actual events may be used to refresh a witness ' recollection .
Non-Japanese works that borrow stylization from Anime is commonly referred to as " anime-influenced animation " but it is not unusual for a viewer who does n't know the country of origin of such material to refer to it as simply " anime " .
On January 1 , 2008 , fourteen Anaconda babies were born at the New England Aquarium .
Various other large discotheques in Amsterdam are located outside these two epicentres .
Audi has been an almost wholly-owned ( 99.7 % ) subsidiary of the Volkswagen Group ( Volkswagen AG ) since 1964 ( when the group was formerly known as " Volkswagen Audi Group " - VAG ) , and is held in ownership by its shareholdersndash hence the term " Aktiengesellschaft " or " AG " .
Most rocket vehicles are not Aircraft because they are not supported by the surrounding air .
The Turkish language was introduced gradually with the conquest of Anatolia by Turkic peoples from the 11th century AD .
The brutal takeover : The Austrian ex-Chancellor 's account of the Anschluss of Austria by Hitler .
The Abjad was significantly simpler than the earlier hieroglyphs .
In general , a full letter of an Abugida transcribes a consonant .
Accordingly , as the law stood before 1870 , every person who by birth or naturalization satisfied the conditions set forth , though he should be removed in infancy to another country where his family resided , owed an Allegiance to the British crown which he could never resign or lose , except by act of parliament or by the recognition of the independence or the cession of the portion of British territory in which he resided .
Huxley 's Agnosticism is believed to be a natural consequence of the intellectual and philosophical conditions of the 1860s , when clerical intolerance was trying to suppress scientific discoveries which appeared to clash with a literal reading of the Book of Genesis and other established Jewish and Christian doctrines .
Argon has atomic number 18 and is the third element in group 18 of the periodic table ( noble gases ) .
Arsenic was first written about by Albertus Magnus ( Germany ) in 1250.
Actinium also has 2 meta states .
It is thought that by removal of the Americium and curium that the used fuel will only need to be isolated from man and his environment for a shorter time than that required for the isolation of untreated used fuel .
This made pure Aluminium more valuable than gold .
The largest Archipelago in the world by size is the Canadian Arctic Archipelago of Northern Canada .
The second entry goes on to clarify that , when using the term Author , the " anything " which is created is most usually associated with written work .
Kierkegaard 's concept of Angst is considered to be an important stepping stone for 20th-century existentialism .
Anxiety is often accompanied by physical sensations such as heart palpitations , nausea , chest pain , shortness of breath , stomach aches , or headache .
Addiction is generally associated with increased drug tolerance .
In both senses , an Axiom is any mathematical statement that serves as a starting point from which other statements are logically derived .
According to Plutarch 's natural order of attribution of the vowels to the planets , Alpha was connected with the Moon .
clr Azincourt is twinned with the English village of Middleham in North Yorkshire .
Asteraceae are cosmopolitan , but most common in the temperate regions and tropical mountains .
Some recent systems include Araliaceae in an expanded Apiaceae but this has not been widely followed .
The axons of some neurons branch to form Axon collaterals , that can be divided into a number of smaller branches called telodendria .
The highest mountain in the Alps is Mont Blanc , at convert , on the Italian-French border .
While Moses was receiving his education at the Egyptian royal court and during his exile among the Midianites , Aaron and his sister remained with their kinsmen in the eastern border-land of Egypt ( Goshen ) .
Various theorists have differing , though similar , philosophies which are considered to fall under " anarcho-capitalism . " The first well-known version of Anarcho-capitalism was formulated by Austrian School economist and libertarian Murray Rothbard in the mid-twentieth century , synthesizing elements from the Austrian School of economics , classical liberalism , and nineteenth century American individualist anarchists Lysander Spooner and Benjamin Tucker ( rejecting their labor theory of value and the normative implications they derived from it ) .
After February 4 , 1938 , its name in title was Foreign Affairs/ Defence Office of the Armed Forces High Command ( " Amt Ausland/ Abwehr im Oberkommando der Wehrmacht " in German ) .
Two examples are Genesee Cream Ale and Little Kings Cream Ale .
Since amateurs often do not have training , Amateur work can sometimes be seen as sub-par .
Botanically , the Almond is not a nut , but a fruit .
For example , Analysis of the concentration of elements is important in managing a nuclear reactor , so nuclear scientists will analyze neutron activation to develop discrete measurements within vast samples .
In Egypt , the first home of monasticism , the jurisdiction of the Abbot , or archimandrite , was but loosely defined .
In March 2007 , Adelaide Airport was rated the world 's second best airport in the 5-15 million passengers category at the Airports Council International ( ACI ) 2006 awards in Dubai .
The set of all automorphisms of an object forms a group , called the Automorphism group .
The use of Abbreviation for the names of " Father of modern etymology " J. R. R. Tolkien and his friend C. S. Lewis , and other members of Oxford literary group known as the Inklings , are sometimes cited as symptomatic of this .
Though Herodotus was aware of the Phoenician origins of Aphrodite , linguistic attempts to derive the name Aphrodite from Semitic Atoret , via undocumented Hittite transmission , remain inconclusive .
The major views on the Afterlife derive from religion , esotericism and metaphysics .
She was the patroness of weaving especially , and other crafts ( Athena Ergane ) , and the more disciplined side of war , where she led the battle ( Athena Promachos ) .
The physical properties , such as density , reactivity , Young 's modulus , and electrical and thermal conductivity , of an Alloy may not differ greatly from those of its elements , but engineering properties , such as tensile strength and shear strength may be substantially different from those of the constituent materials .
The magnitude of the Angle is the " amount of rotation " that separates the two rays , and can be measured by considering the length of circular arc swept out when one ray is rotated about the vertex to coincide with the other ( see " Measuring angles " , below ) .
The table below shows seventeen major subfields of Acoustics established in the PACS classification system .
Files of any type could easily be shared via Audiogalaxy by renaming a file in a certain way .
Unique to Anglicanism is the Book of Common Prayer , the collection of services that worshippers in most Anglican churches used for centuries .
By this process Athens has engulfed many former suburbs and villages in Attica , and continues to do so .
2008 has seen the Anguilla Eels play the very strong St Barths Barracudas .
Hussein 's primary justifications included a charge that Kuwaiti territory was in fact an Iraqi province , and that Annexation was retaliation for " economic warfare " Kuwait had waged through slant drilling into Iraq 's oil supplies .
The conflict between Arianism and Trinitarian beliefs was the first major doctrinal confrontation in the Church after the legalization of Christianity by the Roman Emperor Constantine I.
These features are commonly used in MEMS and microfluidic devices , where the Anisotropy of the features is needed to impart desired optical , electrical , or physical properties to the device .
In practice , Jerome treated some books outside the Hebrew canon as if they were canonical , and the Western Church did not accept Jerome 's definition of Apocrypha , instead retaining the word 's prior meaning ( see : Deuterocanon ) .
The three titles used by the majority of Roman Emperors -- " imperator " , " caesar " and " augustus " -- were all used personally by Caesar Augustus ( he officially renamed himself " Imperator Caesar Augustus " ) ; of these names , only " Augustus " was unique to the Emperor himself , as others could and did bear the titles " Imperator " , and " Caesar " was the name of a clan within the Julian line ( however , the Emperor 's mother or wife could bear the name " Augusta " ) .
Since the mid-1990 's , there have been many increasingly successful endeavors to commercially farm Abalone for the purpose of consumption .
In Roman Catholic and Anglican abbeys , the mode of election , position , rights , and authority of an Abbess correspond generally with those of an abbot .
The buildings of a Benedictine Abbey were uniformly arranged after one plan , modified where necessary ( as at Durham and Worcester , where the monasteries stand close to the steep bank of a river ) to accommodate the arrangement to local circumstances .
Furthermore , mixing matter and Antimatter would lead to the annihilation of both in the same way that mixing antiparticles and particles does , thus giving rise to high-energy photons ( gamma rays ) or other particleantiparticle pairs .
For example , the Antiparticle of the electron is the positively charged antielectron , or positron , which is produced naturally in certain types of radioactive decay .
Associativity is not to be confused with commutativity .
In 1877 , Othniel Charles Marsh published the name of the type species Apatosaurus ajax .
Othniel Charles Marsh gave these remains the formal name Allosaurus fragilis in 1877.
The AK-47 was officially accepted by the Soviet Armed Forces in 1949.
Several members of the United Kingdom 's national body 's sub-committees , the IST5 committee of the British Standards Institution , are also ACCU members .
Such an Anagram may be a synonym or antonym of its subject , a parody , a criticism , or praise ; e. g.
Adjusting the tonicity of the cytoplasm can also damage the digestive enzymes used in phagocytosis , allowing the Amoeba to ingest food but not extract energy , resulting in death .
Ammonia even at dilute concentrations is highly toxic to aquatic animals , and for this reason it is classified as dangerous for the environment .
Its chemical and physical properties are so similar to that of natural Amethyst that it can not be differentiated with absolute certainty without advanced gemological testing ( which is often cost-prohibitive ) .
Its closest relative is the slightly older Gorgosaurus libratus ( sometimes called Albertosaurus libratus ; see below ) .
Ambrosia is very closely related to the gods ' other form of sustenance , nectar .
His address was interrupted by a call " Ambrose for bishop ! " which was taken up by others upon which he was univocally elected bishop .
For a long time , scholars believed that the Alphorn had been derived from the Roman-Etruscan lituus , because of their resemblance in shape , and because of the word liti , meaning Alphorn in the dialect of Obwalden .
Sulphate of lime ( gypsum ) was used also by the ancients , and was employed , for instance , in Assyrian sculpture , so that some of the ancient Alabaster is identical with the modern stone .
These e-mail accounts can be accessed in a manner similar to other AOL and AIM e-mail accounts .
Those who support Al-Khwarizmi point to the fact that much of his work on reduction is still in use today and that he gave an exhaustive explanation of solving quadratic equations , while treating Algebra as an independent discipline .
Angilbert delivered the document on Iconoclasm from the Frankish Synod of Frankfurt to Pope Adrian I , and was later sent on three important embassies to the pope , in 792 , 794 and 796.
In addition to the word Abraxas and other mystical characters , they have often symbolic mystical figures engraved on them .
This discovery has led to the breaking up of Acacia into five new genera as discussed in list of Acacia species .
These are appropriate platforms for what may have been mainframe APL applications in the 1970s and 1980s .
AWK only checks to see if it should read from standard input before it runs the command .
Snorri further writes that Asgard is a land more fertile than any other , blessed also with a great abundance of gold and jewels .
The assembled warbands of the Alamanni frequently crossed the limes , attacking Germania Superior and moving into the Agri Decumates .
the Lory was Lorina Liddell , the Eaglet was Edith Liddell , the Dodo was Charles Lutwidge Dodgson , and the Duck was Rev.
Such stones are known as banded agate , riband Agate and striped agate .
Seizing the youngest but only surviving of Saul 's sons , Ishbaal , Abner set him up as king over Israel at Mahanaim , east of the Jordan .
The journey of Aeneas from Troy , ( led by Aphrodite , his mother ) which led to the founding of the city Rome , is recounted in Virgil 's Aeneid .
Several species are raised for Amaranth grain in Asia and the Americas .
To distinguish him from Ajax , son of Oileus , he is called " Telamonian Ajax , " " Greater Ajax , " or " Ajax the Great " .
Her mother was either Anaxo , daughter of Alcaeus and Astydamia , Hesiod describes Alcmene as the tallest , most beautiful woman with wisdom surpassed by no person born of mortal parents .
The Alexandrists , led by Pietro Pomponazzi , boldly assailed these beliefs and denied that either was rightly attributed to Aristotle .
It is claimed to have some medicinal effects which have been supported by scientific and medical research - see references on article on Aloe Vera .
Notable queens of the Amazons are Penthesilea , who participated in the Trojan War , and her sister Hippolyte , whose magical girdle was the object of one of the labours of Hercules .
In some cases , people consider Ambergris as an aphrodisiac .
In 2005 Ambiorix was nominated for the title De Grootste Belg ( The Greatest Belgian ) .
Even during this occupation , Amun , identified as a form of Zeus , continued to be the great god of Thebes throughout its decay .
An Assyrian tribute-list from this period , showing that Ammon paid one-fifth of Judah 's tribute , gives evidence of the scanty extent and resources of the country .
Mephistopheles , the king of hell , had captured the soul of Cyrene of Amphipolis , Xena 's mother , and tortured her .
Anacharsis was half Greek and the son of a Scythian chief , from a mixed Hellenistic culture , apparently in the region of the Cimmerian Bosporus .
Aisha is said to have followed her father in accepting Islam when she was still young .
The most commonly used acres today are the international Acre and , in the United States , the survey acre .
Many Antibiotic compounds used in modern medicine are produced and isolated from living organisms , such as the penicillin class produced by fungi in the genus Penicillium , or streptomycin from bacteria of the genus Streptomyces .
On August 14 2007 the Supreme Court of India has ordered the Andhra Pradesh state police to complete the investigation against Amway in 6 months .
Likewise , the fact that the / d/ Allomorph does not appear after stem-final / d/ is because the earlier clause for the / d/ allomorph takes priority ; and the fact that the / d/ allomorph does not appear after stem-final voiceless phonemes is because the preceding clause for the / t/ takes priority .
An Allophone is not distinctive , but rather a variant of a phoneme ; changing the allophone wo n't change the meaning of a word , but the result may sound non-native , or be unintelligible .
The Fields Medal for outstanding achievement in mathematics carries a portrait of Archimedes , along with his proof concerning the sphere and the cylinder .
The Abzyme does more than bind to the site , rendering the HIV virus inert , it actually destroys the site , then can attach to other viruses .
An organism in which the two copies of the gene are identical - that is , have the same Allele - is called homozygous for that gene .
The Pentagon said a high level Al-Qaeda member from the ICU was captured in Somalia and transferred to the U. S.
The Abadan oil refinery was featured on the reverse side of Iran 's 100-rial banknotes printed in 1965 and from 1971 to 1973.
Although a proposal was made in 1957 to define an Aeon to be a unit of time equal to one billion years ( 1 Ga ) , the idea was not approved as a unit of scientific measure and is seldom used for a specific period of time .
Airline services can be categorized as being intercontinental , intracontinental , or domestic and may be operated as scheduled services or charters .
Animaniacs was made with a higher production value than standard television animation ; the show had a higher cel count than most TV cartoons .
Aslan appears , and through the power of his singing , calls the world of Narnia into existence .
Development on the Amiga began in 1982 with Jay Miner as the principal hardware designer .
Cooke , a pathologist , who introduced a case description of a 33-year old female Asbestos worker with the following : 'Medical men in areas where asbestos is manufactured have long suspected the dust to be the cause of chronic bronchitis and fibrosis .
This sort of event usually combines education of the audience of aspects of Archery ( such as the bow , arrows , and practice drill ) , combined with a demonstration or competition of archery in the style most favored by the period on display , generally in period costume .
The reading of his character remains ambiguous , as in a late sixth-century funerary inscription from Attica : " Stay and mourn at the tomb of dead Kroisos/ Whom raging Ares destroyed one day , fighting in the foremost ranks " .
In most programming languages each element has the same data type and the Array occupies a contiguous area of storage .
When the left ventricle contracts to force blood into the aorta , the Aorta expands .
Abimelech being roughly my father is a sacrifice - a reference to Abimelech being pious eastons .
These are English translations of Asterix .
lang ( plural lang ) , the term used to identify those who practice satr is a compound with lang ( Old Norse lang ) " man " .
Le Guin 's Ansible was said to communicate " instantaneously " , .
EtherTalk in particular gradually became the dominant implementation method for AppleTalk as Ethernet became generally popular in the PC industry throughout the 1990s .
Some Astrology proponents claim that the prevailing attitudes and motives of many opponents of astrology introduce conscious or unconscious bias in the formulation of hypotheses to be tested , the conduct of the tests , and the reporting of results .
Since the Angles took a geographic name , they likely had other names not based on geography .
In addition to acting , Aaliyah and Timbaland executive produced the film 's soundtrack album and she contributed four songs : " Are You Feelin ' Me ? " , " I Do n't Wanna " , " Come Back in One Piece , " a duet with DMX which landed at #2 on BET 's " Notarized " Top 100 videos of 2000 , and the international number one hit " Try Again . " Aaliyah made history when " Try Again " became the first song to ever reach number one on the Billboard Hot 100 based solely on the strength of its radio airplay , without any single sales factored in .
While early Armour tended to be worn as clothing intended to defend its wearer during combat between armed forces , armour has been used throughout recorded history , manufactured from a variety of materials , non-metallic and metallic .
For example , each person has one guardian Angel , called Fravashi .
Later , Afrikaans was sometimes also referred to as 'African Dutch ' or 'Kitchen Dutch ' , although these terms were mainly pejorative .
These three personages are often difficult to tell apart , and even the ancient mythographers appear to have been perplexed about which Aeolus was which .
This latter construal is sometimes expressed by saying " there is no fact of the matter as to whether or not P. " Thus , we may speak of Anti-realism with respect to other minds , the past , the future , universals , mathematical entities ( such as natural numbers ) , moral categories , the material world , or even thought .
Biographers generally rely on a wide variety of documents and viewpoints ; an Autobiography however may be based entirely on the writer 's memory .
Though the Arabic language pre-dates the Common Era , Arabic culture was first spread in the Middle East beginning in the 2nd century as ethnically Arab Christians such as the Ghassanids , Lakhmids and Banu Judham began migrating into the Northern Arabian desert and the Levant .
There are approximately 10 extant genera and around 20 extant species of Armadillo , some of which are distinguished by the number of bands on their armor .
There are many variations on this basic pattern , however , and many Apicomplexa have more than one host .
The choice of Atari as a brand name was arguably better than Syzygy for most markets in terms of spelling , pronunciation and potential name recognition .
Analgesic drugs act in various ways on the peripheral and central nervous systems ; they include paracetamol ( acetaminophen ) , the non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs ( NSAIDs ) such as the salicylates , narcotic drugs such as morphine , synthetic drugs with narcotic properties such as tramadol , and various others .
Owing to the commitment of businessmen Cees and Klaas Molenaar , AZ '67 was successful in the late seventies and early eighties .
However , other biblical passages seem to dispute this theory , namely 2 Timothy , an epistle to Timothy , which states that Titus has gone to Dalmatia ( 2 Timothy 4.10 ) .
The Actinoid series derives its name from the first element in the series , actinium , and ultimately from the Greek  ( aktis ) , " ray , " reflecting the elements ' radioactivity .
Those whose usage of Ayahuasca is performed in non-traditional contexts often align themselves with the philosophies and cosmologies associated with ayahuasca shamanism , as practiced among indigenous peoples like the Urarina of Peruvian Amazonia .
Their idea prompted Paul Ehrlich to propose the side chain theory for Antibody and antigen interaction in 1897 , when he hypothesized that receptors ( described as side chains ) on the surface of cells could bind specifically to toxins  in a " lock-and-key " interaction  and that this binding reaction was the trigger for the production of antibodies .
An inert placebo tends to have a significant Antidepressant effect , so establishing something as an antidepressant in a clinical trial involves demonstrating a significant additional effect .
It is not necessary , in the financial accounting sense of the term , for control of assets to the benefit to be legally enforceable for a resource to be an Asset , provided the entity can control its use by other means .
As the solvent evaporates , the Adhesive hardens .
An Arrangement may include reharmonization , paraphrasing , and/ or development of a composition , so that it fully represents the melodic , harmonic , and rhythmic structure " ( Corozine 2002 , p.3 ) .
At first , the Macintosh 128K suffered from a dearth of available software compared to IBM 's PC , resulting in disappointing sales in 1984 and 1985.
The dramatic works of Pierre Corneille and Jean Racine are typically composed of rhyming Alexandrine couplets .
It is just as usuan ordinary hymn as an Anthem , which may be a more elaborate composition than the congregational hymns .
If this new grouping is correct , then segmentation of arthropods and annelids has either evolved through convergence , or has been inherited from a very deep ancestor , and has been subsequently lost in several other lineages , such as the non-Arthropod members of the Ecdysozoa .
Socially-responsible banks founded out of Anthroposophy in the English-speaking world include Triodos Bank , founded in 1980 and active in the UK and Netherlands , and RSF Social Finance in San Francisco .
This scientific name is now considered invalid by ITIS , who classify Aurochs under Bos taurus , the same species as domestic cattle .
Feces are expelled from the body through the Anus during the act of defecation , which is the primary function of the anus .
The voyage from Aswan to Alexandria usually occupied between 21 and 28 days in favourable weather .
Historically , Anglesey has long been associated with the Druids .
While some advocate the ingestion of essential oils for therapeutic purposes , licensed Aromatherapy professionals do not recommend self prescription due the highly toxic nature of some essential oil .
Ant bites are often said to have curative properties .
These programs are designed specifically for spyware detection and will not detect viruses , although some commercial antivirus software can also detect Adware and spyware , or offer a separate spyware detection package .
Thus , an Aedicula is literally a small house or temple .
Upon the death of the king his father , Pandion II , Aegeus and his three brothers , Pallas , Nisos , and Lykos , took control of Athens from Metion , who had seized the throne from Pandion .
When the Classical Greek deities , the Olympians , shake the Aegis Mount Ida is wrapped in clouds , the thunder rolls , and men are struck down with fear .
When Aegisthus was born , his mother was ashamed of her incestuous act .
The three latter are established in the Palais Fesch , founded by Cardinal Fesch , who was born at Ajaccio in 1763.
It must , however , be remembered that the owner of the cargo is entitled under the contract of Affreightment to the ordinary service of the ship and crew for the safe carriage of the cargo to its destination , and the shipowner is bound to pay all ordinary expenses incurred for the purpose of the voyage .
She had consumed large quantities of chewable Antacid tablets containing calcium carbonate ( Tums ) .
The former urban district corresponds to the three communities of Abercarn , Crumlin and Newbridge .
Abergavenny grew as a town in early Norman times under the protection of the Norman Lords of Abergavenny Baron Abergavenny , whose title dated from William the Conqueror , and their medieval successors .
The advantage of estimates of the last type is that the set of estimated autocorrelations , as a function of k , then form a function which is a valid Autocorrelation function in the sense that it is possible to define a theoretical process having exactly that autocorrelation function .
According to the Spanish Instituto Nacional de Estadstica , the GDP per capita of Andalusia is still the second lowest in Spain .
She became the mother of one of David 's sons , who is named in the Book of Chronicles as Daniel , in the masoretic text of the Books of Samuel as Chileab , Abigail 's self-styling as a handmaid led to Abigail being the traditional term for a waiting-woman ( for example , Abigail , the waiting gentlewoman , in Beaumont and Fletcher 's The Scornful Lady , published in 1616 ) .
patent on Aspartame expired in 1992.
It bars violence against " all creatures " ( sarva-bhuta ) and the practitioner of Ahimsa is said to escape from the cycle of reincarnation ( CU 8.15.1 ) .
Southend Airshow , Essex England is Europe 's longest running free airshow , it started in 1986 and boasts some of the largest attendance figures for any two day Airshow in the UK .
Much of this software fits the definition of " software that is no longer current , but is still of interest " , but the line separating Abandonware from software piracy ( or warez ) is blurry , and the term abandonware could be used to distribute software without proper notification of the owner .
Structural engineers also use Aerodynamics , and particularly aeroelasticity , to calculate wind loads in the design of large buildings and bridges .
For some elementary functions , it is impossible to find an Antiderivative in terms of other elementary functions .
In battle the Abipones wore an armour of tapir 's hide over which a jaguar 's skin was sewn .
Any settlement must be freely negotiated and based on autonomy for Abkhazia legitimized by referendum under international observation once the multi-ethnic population has returned .
As a pet and without a strict ( protein and reduced calorie ) diet , an Azawakh that would weigh 50 pounds in the Sahel , can easily become a 70+ pound couch potato .
To call a problem AI-complete reflects an attitude that it wo n't be solved by a simple algorithm , such as those used in ELIZA .
The term archaeoastronomy was first used by Elizabeth Chesley Baity ( at the suggestion of Euan MacKie ) in 1973 , but as a topic of study it may be much older , depending on how Archaeoastronomy is defined .
The voltage drop across the coil is kept to a minimum to minimize resistance across the Ammeter in any circuit into which it is inserted .
It possesses Anxiolytic properties in addition to its antihistamine properties and is also licensed for the treatment of anxiety and tension .
Thus Amoxicillin is marketed under many trade names .
The goal is to convert ArgoUML files to a specific format compatible with TopCased .
Albinism results from inheritance of recessive alleles .
Radical Anabaptist groups included the Mnsterites , who occupied and held the German city of Mnster in 15345 , and the Batenburgers , who persisted in various guises as late as the 1570s .
Different levels of Abstraction might be denoted by a progression of arrows joining boxes or ellipses in multiple rows , where the arrows point from one row to another , in a series of other graphs , say graph 2 , etc.
In 1964 the functions of the Admiralty were transferred to a new Admiralty Board , which is a committee of the tri-service Defence Council of the United Kingdom and part of the Ministry of Defence .
The first Anemometer was invented by Leon Battista Alberti .
" Until now , the feature was thought to belong only to the species ' close relatives , the deinonychosaurs . " This tenth and latest specimen was assigned to Archaeopteryx siemensii in 2007.
The Apeiron was never defined precisely , and it has generally ( e. g. by Aristotle and Augustine ) been understood as a sort of primal chaos .
As the highest natural point in Auckland City , it offers 360-degree views of Auckland and is thus a favorite tourist outlook .
Although the Greeks and Romans typically scorned Egypt 's animal-headed gods as bizarre and primitive ( they mockingly called Anubis the " Barker " ) , Anubis was sometimes associated with Sirius in heaven , and Cerberus in hell .
According to Greek mythology , the mythological Amphisbaena was spawned from the blood that dripped from the Gorgon Medusa 's head as Perseus flew over the Libyan Desert with it in his hand .
Tacitus states that the ancient Germans were acquainted with all the other seasons of the year but had no notion of Autumn .
This includes Accrington Urban Area and other outlying towns and villages such as ; Altham , Aspden , Baxenden , part of Belthorn , Huncoat , Rishton and Stanhill .
The Joel quote describes an event , Armageddon , where the Isaiah and Micah quotes describe a condition for the earth after Armageddon .
The Athlon made its debut on June 23 , 1999.
Beaches of Alexandria are famous of having lots of cafeterias and umbrellas .
Syllable is a fork of AtheOS , and includes some AmigaOS and BeOS like qualities .
In other words , as one moves along B in some direction , the distance between it and the Asymptote A eventually becomes smaller than any distance that one may specify .
Without a register like an Accumulator , it would be necessary to write the result of each calculation ( addition , multiplication , shift , etc. ) to main memory , perhaps only to be read right back again for use in the next operation .
An Afterglow may appear above the highest clouds in the hour of deepening twilight , or reflected from the high snowfields in mountain regions long after sunset .
The diacritic for Aspiration in the International Phonetic Alphabet is a superscript " h " , [  ] .
This is because the conclusion that there is a limitation is ( supposedly ) derived from the Antinomy by logical reasoning ; therefore any limitation in the validity of logical reasoning imposes a limitation on the conclusion that there is a limitation on logical reasoning .
A number of Asian countries have experienced degrees of Anti-intellectualism in the 20th century .
Organized Anti-communism developed in reaction to the growing popularity of the communist movement , and took on many forms as the 20th century unfolded .
An aquarist owns or maintains an Aquarium , typically constructed of glass or high-strength plastic .
Several books were in the works for Aberrant at the time of its cancellation , most notably the three " Mega-Books , " each of which focused on what it might be like to have Mega-Social , Mega-Mental , or Mega-Physical Attributes , while also shedding light on some other element of the Aberrant setting .
ASROC missiles are delivered to the fleet as All-Up-Rounds ( AURs ) which consist of the ASROC missile installed inside of an MK-41 VLS canister .
While small area of the Outback onsist of clay soils the majority has exceedingly infertile paleosols .
In Indiana a physician who has signed a written informed request can prescribe or administer Amygdalin ( laetrile ) .
Dud Ammunition is regarded as highly dangerous and also known as UXO , and most safety officials inform civilians to report finding of any large-bore duds to the local police or military .
AMMO personnel also operate and maintain a wide variety of equipment and electronic gear , from convert tractor-trailer combination vehicles and all-terrain 10,000 pound forklifts , to small arms weapons , to AGM-65 guidance testing units and computer databases .
Several public schools with a zero-tolerance policy on drugs or weapons have an " Amnesty box " in which students may dispose of contraband objects brought to school without consequence .
Low levels of antioxidants , or inhibition of the Antioxidant enzymes , causes oxidative stress and may damage or kill cells .
BearShare 6 also includes social networking features , somewhat similar to MySpace .
The early African American rock musicians retained the sexual themes and innuendos of Blues music .
Tegel is situated in north-western Berlin and is currently the main international airport of the city handling around 15 million passengers per year .
It is considered that overeating and lack of muscle tone is the main cause of a Beer belly , rather than beer consumption .
Development of a New Fluorescence Method for the Detection of Beryllium on Surfaces .
Brazil has undertaken the organization of large-scale sporting events : the country organized and hosted the 1950 FIFA World Cup and is chosen to host the 2014 FIFA World Cup event .
In the 1930 Czechoslovakian census the Hungarian population of Bratislava had decreased to 15.8 % ( see the Demographics of Bratislava article for more details ) .
Designs of bridges will vary depending on the function of the Bridge and the nature of the terrain where the bridge is to be constructed .
This method of " polishing " is faster and cheaper than buffing and results in a reasonably attractive Bead , though generally less perfect than buffed beads .
The nature of Being varies by philosophy , giving different interpretations in the frameworks of Aristotle , materialism , idealism , existentialism , Islam , and Marxism .
Some Bird species undertake shorter migrations , travelling only as far as is required to avoid bad weather or obtain food . mimics a large predator .
In her teens , Bjork was influenced by punk ; at 14 she formed the all-girl punk band Spit and Snot , shortly followed by the jazz fusion group Exodus in 1979.
In modern terms , any combat aircraft that is not a purpose-designed strategic Bomber falls into this category .
The University of London External has appointed MCG as the regional representative office in Bahrain for distance learning programs .
The borders of present-day Bangladesh were established with the partition of Bengal and India in 1947 , when the region became the eastern wing of the newly-formed Pakistan .
The Russians , led by Tsar Ivan the III , began military conquests in 1486 in an attempt to gain the Kievan Rus ' lands , specifically Belarus and Ukraine .
Benin had one of the highest death rates for children under the age of five in the world .
More than 1 % of Bolivians practice the Bah' Faith ( giving Bolivia one of the largest percentages of Bah's in the world ) .
Approximately half of the school population attends a further two years of secondary schooling leading to the award of the Botswana General Certificate of Education ( BGCSE ) .
The Lhop are found in the low valleys of Samtse and near Phuntsoling in the Duars .
It is also said in myth that floating rocks known as the Symplegades or Clashing Rocks once crushed any ship that attempted passage of the Bosporus until the hero Jason obtained passage , whereupon the rocks became fixed , and Greek access to the Black Sea was opened .
Both immigration and its status as head of the European Commission made Brussels a really cosmopolitan city .
The traditional legend has it that Byzas from Megara ( a town near Athens ) , founded Byzantium , when he sailed northeast across the Aegean Sea .
Uprocking as a dance style of its own never gained the same wide-spread popularity as Breakdance , except for some very specific moves adopted by breakers who use it as a variation for their toprock .
The Burning-glass was a useful contrivance in the days before electrical ignition was easily achieved .
Because the original Bhangra beat is different from the commercialized version we see today , the use of bhangra beats shows the complexity and ingenuity of hip-hop in North America and how artists gain inspiration from all different genres of music .
In April 2005 , Cambridge University security researchers published results of their actual implementation of passive attacks against the PIN-based pairing between commercial Bluetooth devices , confirming the attacks to be practicably fast and the Bluetooth symmetric key establishment method to be vulnerable .
The first modern Bank was founded in Italy in Genoa in 1406 , its name was Banco di San Giorgio ( Bank of St. George ) .
Boron has to be transferred to boric acid or borates and on reaction with curcumin in acidic solution a red colored boron-chelate complex , rosocyanine , is formed .
Care needs to taken when transporting Bromine , it is commonly carried in steel tanks lined with lead , supported by strong metal frames .
Unlike other heavy metals , Barium does not bioaccumulate .
The first curium isotope to undergo beta decay is Cm-249 with a halflife of just over an hour , so Bk-249 is the only isotope of Berkelium produced in significant quantities in nuclear reactors .
Bismuth consumption in 2006 totaled 2,050 tonnes , of which chemicals ( including pharmaceuticals , pigments , and cosmetics ) were 510 tonnes , bismuth alloys 591 tonnes , metallurgical additives 923 tonnes , and the balance other uses .
The present State of Brandenburg was re-established on October 3 1990.
The current President of the Bundestag is Norbert Lammert .
Bremerhaven imports and exports more cars than any other city in Europe except for Rotterdam , and this traffic is also growing .
As such , use of the word " Beemer " to refer to a BMW automobile is frowned upon by some BMW enthusiasts , because it is the term used for motorcycles .
Lincoln and Haagensen 's Secret Island book claims that the Bornholm geometry is man-made , was created around the time of the emergence of the Knights Templar during the early Crusades in 1188-1250 AD , required measurement technology that was not known to have been used in Europe before the 17th century ( but with accuracy known to Hellenistic Greece 300 BC ) , and that the churches ' true original function may have been as medieval astronomical observatories .
A single sheet within a Book is called a leaf , and each side of a leaf is called a page .
In Estonian , Icelandic , and in Chinese transcription , B is not voiced , but is still contrasted to P , which is geminated / pp/ in Estonian and aspirated / p/ in Chinese and Icelandic .
The study of the workings of the Body is physiology .
The name Bitola is mentioned in the Bitola inscription found in 1956 and related to the old city fortress built in 1015.
A close relationship has long been acknowledged between Brassicaceae and the caper family , Capparaceae , in part because members of both groups produce glucosinolate ( mustard oil ) compounds .
The Hit is scored the moment the batter reaches first base safely - if the runner is put out while attempting a double or triple on the same play , he still gets credit for the hit .
Because Bisexuality is often an ambiguous position between homosexuality and heterosexuality , those who identify , or are identified , as bisexuals form a heterogeneous group .
Historically , however , the Banjo occupied a central place in African American traditional music , as well as in the minstrel shows of the 19th century .
Reichler ( ed . ) , The Baseball Encyclopedia , 7th rev .
Wheelchair Basketball is played on specially designed wheelchairs for the physically impaired .
Each Braille character or cell is made up of six dot positions , arranged in a rectangle containing two columns of three dots each .
Blowfish provides a good encryption rate in software and no effective cryptanalysis of it has been found to date .
The American musician Rufus Harley was the first to use the Bagpipes as a primary instrument in jazz .
The aristocracy also saw the dramatic style of Baroque architecture and art as a means of impressing visitors and expressing triumphant power and control .
References to Beachcomber are strongly pervasive in Private Eye , and there is a possible , but more tenuous , line of descent from it , via the Goon Show , to Monty Python .
The reason is that according Hartley 's law , the digital data rate limit ( or channel capacity ) of a physical communication link is related to its Bandwidth in hertz , sometimes denoted analog bandwidth .
Another translation is " Wisdom-Being . " The various divisions of Buddhism understand the word Bodhisattva in different ways , but especially in Mahayana Buddhism , it mainly refers to a being that compassionately refrains from entering nirvana in order to save others .
The basic shape and configuration of a typical Bicycle has changed little since the first chain-driven model was developed around 1885.
Johannes Warns states that the first independent Baptist Church was that at Augsburg , Germany , in about 1524.
Elimination Blackjack is a tournament format of blackjack .
Bicarbonate serves a crucial biochemical role in the physiological pH buffering system .
Under normal conditions in humans at rest , hemoglobin in Blood leaving the lungs is about 98-99 % saturated with oxygen .
A spokesperson for the Pennsylania Game Commission challenged the Bigfoot explanation , saying that it looked like " a bear with a severe case of mange . " The sighting happened near the town of Ridgway , Pennsylvania in the Allegheny National Forest , which is about 115 miles north of Pittsburgh .
The original BASIC was designed in 1964 , by John George Kemeny and Thomas Eugene Kurtz at Dartmouth College , Hanover , New Hampshire , U. S. , to provide access for non-science students to computers .
On March 20 2006 Borland said that it had acquired Gauntlet Systems , a provider of technology that screens software under development for quality and security .
In the traditional English gentlemen 's club , current members vote on the admission of a candidate by secretly placing a white or Black ball in a hat .
Battleship design continually evolved to incorporate and adapt technological advances to maintain an edge .
The line between the Battlecruiser and the modern fast battleship became blurred ; indeed , the Japanese Kong class were formally redesignated as battleships .
Baldr has also been likened to Jesus , as C. S. Lewis did when he said he " loved Balder before Christ " ( Surprised by Joy ) .
In any case , the necklace given to Beowulf in the story is not the Brsingamen itself ; it 's only being compared to it .
In the subsequent battle of Frekastein ( probably one of the 300 hill forts of Sdermanland , as stein meant " hill fort " ) against Hgni and Grammar , all the chieftains on Granmar 's side are slain , including Bragi , except for Bragi 's brother Dag .
BPP is contained in P/ poly ; in fact , as a consequence of the proof of this fact , every BPP algorithm operating on inputs of bounded length can be derandomized into a deterministic algorithm using a fixed string of random bits .
Several Brainfuck compilers have been made smaller than 200 bytes .
The office of Bishop is one of the three ministerial offices within Christianity , the other two being those of priest and deacon .
The tramway system was started in the autumn of 2000 and commenced service in December 2003 , connecting Bordeaux with its suburban areas .
Bone building through increased secretion of osteoid is stimulated by the secretion of growth hormone by the pituitary , thyroid hormone and the sex hormones ( estrogens and androgens ) .
For many years , Bouldering was usually viewed as training for climbers , although , in the 1930s and late 1940s , Pierre Allain and his companions enjoyed bouldering for its own sake in Fontainebleau , considered by many to be the Mecca of bouldering .
At outdoor bowling , the players throw a ball , which is sometimes eccentrically weighted , in an attempt to put it closest to a designated point or slot in the Bowling arena .
Notable examples of Bock brands are Aass , Borg , Frydenlund and Mack .
There is also a claim from the UK where in 1824 John Greenwood operated the first " Bus route " from Market Street in Manchester to Pendleton in Salford .
Modern cymbals consist of several types of Bronze , the most common being B20 bronze , which is roughly 20 % tin , 80 % copper , with traces of silver .
The name is formed from the beginning of each country 's name ; it was possibly created for the Benelux Customs Union , although according to The Economist it was coined somewhat earlier , in August 1946 , by that newspaper 's correspondent in Belgium .
Barges are also used for very heavy or bulky items ; a typical Barge measures 195 feet by 35 feet ( 59.4 meters by 10.6 meters ) , and can carry up to 1500 tons of cargo .
While the British military historian Sir John Keegan suggested an ideal definition of Battle as " something which happens between two armies leading to the moral then physical disintegration of one or the other of them " the origins and outcomes of battles can rarely be summarized so neatly .
Upon removal of the Bacteriostat , the bacteria usually start to grow again .
The IUPAC subsequently decided that Bohrium salts should be called bohriates .
Secondary batteries can be recharged because the chemical reactions they use are reversible ; they are recharged by running a charging current through the Battery , but in an opposite direction to the discharge current .
Botes was considered to be Atlas by some ancient Greek legends , as well as those in other early mediterranean cultures , since it takes an appropriate position in the sky ( its arms near the pole star , but its body standing on/ near the ecliptic ) .
Workers in various industries that make or use Benzene may be at risk for being exposed to high levels of this carcinogenic chemical .
Appearing in its modern form in the 1800s , the Bassoon figures prominently in orchestral , concert band , and chamber music literature .
" Origin of Habitual Terrestrial Bipedalism in the Ancestor of the Hominidae " , Journal of Human Evolution , 24 , 259-280 , ( 1993 ) .
Put more simply , Bioinformatics is concerned with the information while computational biology is concerned with the hypotheses .
In 1837 before the final Cell theory was developed , a Czech Jan Evangelista Purkyn observed small " granules " while looking at the plant tissue through a microscope .
Brand recognition and other reactions are created by the accumulation of experiences with the specific product or service , both directly relating to its use , and through the influence of advertising , design , and media commentary .
The International Boxing Hall of Fame opened in Canastota in 1989.
This made things difficult for Bollywood as it was losing market share to Hollywood .
Qualifying national Bowls organisations ( usually countries ) are represented by sides of 5 players , who play once as a single and a four , then again as a pair and a triple .
Until recently , modern day Bavarians were thought to be descendants of the Bavarii , who themselves were direct descendants of the ( most probably ) Celtic Boii , who settled in what is now Bavaria perhaps as much as two centuries before the birth of Christ .
Possibly because Scandinavia was beyond the horizon of the earliest Roman sources , including Tacitus ( who only mentions one Scandinavian tribe , the Suiones ) , Roman sources do not mention where the Burgundians came from , and the first Roman references place them east of the Rhine ( inter alia , Ammianus Marcellinus , XVIII , 2 , 15 ) .
Modern variants of the Batavian founding myth are made more credible by pointing out that the Batavians were only part of the ancestry of the Dutch people , together with the Frisians , Franks and Saxons , and by tracing patterns of DNA .
The periodically repeated Jewish purification rite of mikvah is not normally spoken of as Baptism , largely because of the Christian associations of the word " baptism " .
Beltane was formerly spelled 'Bealtuinn ' in Scottish Gaelic ; in Manx it is spelt 'Boaltinn ' or 'Boaldyn ' .
The so-called " Weidner Chronicle " states that it was Sargon himself who built Babylon " in front of Akkad " ( ABC 19:51 ) .
; According to several biblical scholars , Benjamin was also originally part of this single tribe , but the biblical account of Joseph as his father became lost .
Although his intelligence levels rise over the course of the series ( the character starts as being quite unintelligent in the first and gradually becomes smarter and more perceptive through each passing generation while decreasing in social status ) , each Blackadder is similar in that every one is a cynical , cowardly opportunist concerned with maintaining and increasing his own status and fortunes , regardless of his surroundings .
Real-time online play began with the First Internet Backgammon Server in 1992.
The successes of director Tim Burton 's 1989 Batman motion picture and Christopher Nolan 's 2005 reboot , Batman Begins , also helped to reignite popular interest in the character .
Baldrick 's father , who is never seen but whom Baldrick says was a nun ( when the judge asked him his profession , he said " None " ) .
Thus , the name may have been an identification of the Bastarnae as wagoneers -- which would match their description in Classical texts .
In 1989 , Agnes of Bohemia became the first saint from a Central European country to be canonized by Pope John Paul II before the " Velvet Revolution " later that year .
The stated mission of the BBC is " to inform , educate and entertain " ( as laid down by Parliament in the BBC Charter ) ; its motto is " Nation Shall Speak Peace Unto Nation " .
Early personal computers like the Apple II and the IBM PC integrated an internal Backplane for expansion cards .
The Knights of Columbus 4th Degree Color Corps uses a Baldric as part of their uniform ; it supports a ceremonial sword .
The most recognizable type is the returning Boomerang , a kind of throwing stick that , when thrown correctly , travels in a curved path and returns to its point of origin .
Although beagle-type dogs have existed for over 2,000 years , the modern breed was developed in Britain around the 1830s from several breeds , including the Talbot Hound , the North Country Beagle , the Southern Hound , and possibly the Harrier .
Some Bioterrorism agents , like the smallpox virus , can be spread from person to person and some , like anthrax , cannot .
A small resurgence in Beaver trapping has occurred in some areas where there is an over-population of beaver ; trapping is only done when the fur is of value , and normally the remainder of the animal is also utilized as animal feed .
Due to the complicated shooting range equipment , which absolutely has to work in order to hold successful races , Biathlon is a highly demanding sport for organisers .
BT is known in production circles for his signature technique , the stutter edit , also known as the BT stutter .
However , secondary fermentation is a necessary step when Brewing beers with long fermentation times , such as lagers .
In Stephen King 's novel The Drawing of the Three , Eddie Dean compares the All-World and the quest for the Dark Tower to a Barsoom novel .
Since the coming of the Spanish democracy , Barcelona has been governed by the PSC , first with an absolute majority and later in coalition with ERC and ICV .
For all the tournaments since 1957 , see Bandy World Championships .
TOCnestright BIOS in part refers to the firmware code run by a PC when first powered on , which is a type of boot loader .
This B was the predecessor of ABC .
- China Is world leader in production of Green Bean followed by Indonesia and then Turkey .
Each Breast has one nipple surrounded by the areola .
Modern Biotechnology has evolved , making it possible to produce more easily and relatively cheaply human growth hormone , clotting factors for hemophiliacs , fertility drugs , erythropoietin and other drugs .
Early European settlers , unfamiliar with the sights and sounds of the island continent 's peculiar fauna , regarded the Bunyip as one more strange Australian animal and sometimes attributed unfamiliar animal calls or cries to it .
They are commonly referred to in English as " fairies " , and the Banshee can also be described as a " fairy woman " .
According to Tacitus , Boudica was flogged and her daughters raped .
From archaeological evidence , the invention of the fired Brick ( as opposed to the considerably earlier sun-dried mud brick ) is believed to have arisen in about the third millennium BC in the Middle East .
The number of lakes and swamps in this area isolated the Balts , and as a result of this isolation the Baltic languages retain a number of conservative or archaic features .
In 1981 , however , the publication of Coming to Power by lesbian-feminist group Samois led to a greater knowledge and acceptance of BDSM in the lesbian community .
The shapes of both parts of a Bikini closely resemble women 's underwear , and the lower part of a bikini can therefore range from the more revealing thong or g-string , to briefs , and modest square-cut shorts .
At a Braveheart Convention in 1997 , held in Stirling the day after the Scottish Devolution vote and attended by 200 delegates from around the world , Braveheart author Randall Wallace , Seoras Wallace of the Wallace Clan , Scottish historian David Ross and Blithn FitzGerald from Ireland gave lectures on various aspects of the film .
Infobox World Heritage Site The city became important after an earthquake destroyed Shamakhy and in the 12th century , ruling Shirvanshah Ahsitan I made Baku the new capital .
Sometimes the Balalaika is tuned " guitar style " to G-B-D ( mimicking the three highest strings of the Russian guitar ) , making it easier to play for Russian guitar players , although balalaika purists frown on this tuning .
In recent years , there have been changes in how the Baku is depicted .
Blackbeard often fought , or simply showed himself , wearing a big feathered tricorn , and having multiple swords , knives , and pistols at his disposal .
Bug trackers like Bugzilla readily describe how many bugs are outstanding .
Any myth form may be told as a Ballad , such as historical accounts or fairy tales in verse form .
Only two of these species still exist : the American Bison ( B. bison ) and the European bison , or wisent ( B. bonasus ) , each with two subspecies .
Some grand unified theories of particle physics also predict that a single proton can decay , changing the Baryon number by one ; however , this has not yet been observed experimentally .
The archaeological sites of Birka and Hovgrden , on the neighbouring island of Adels , make up an archaeological complex which illustrates the elaborate trading networks of Viking Europe and their influence on the subsequent history of Scandinavia .
Beta-lactamase inhibitors such as clavulanate , sulbactam or tazobactam in vitro inhibit most ESBLs , but the clinical effectiveness of beta-lactam/ beta-lactamase inhibitor combinations cannot be relied on consistently for therapy .
A stretch of Broadway is famous as the pinnacle of the American theater industry .
The Bombardier Story : Planes , Trains and Snowmobiles .
Bureaucracy can exist only where the whole service of the state is removed from the common political life of the people , its chiefs as well as its rank and file .
The Shetland Amenity Trust list about 120 sites in Shetland as candidate brochs , perhaps an overestimate , while The Royal Commission on the Ancient and Historic Monuments of Scotland identify a total of 571 candidate Broch sites throughout the country .
Among living Bee groups , the Dasypodaidae are now considered to be the most " primitive " , and sister taxon to the remainder of the bees , contrary to earlier hypotheses that the " short-tongued " bee family Colletidae was the basal group of bees ; the short , wasp-like mouthparts of colletids are the result of convergent evolution , rather than indicative of a plesiomorphic condition .
This role explains environmental concerns when a Bat is introduced in a new setting .
Blot has been around since 2007 and has been playing in clubs , events , festivals and experimental gigs .
Typically , a company scans its business documents and uploads them to a secure location or into an online Bookkeeping application on a regular basis .
For example , in a 2-3 B-tree ( often simply referred to as a 2-3 tree ) , each internal node may have only 2 or 3 child nodes .
Lithofacies , depositional environments , and regional stratigraphy of the lower Eocene Ghazij Formation , Balochistan , Pakistan .
23 ( April 20 , 2005 ) ( " BAPCPA " ) , substantially amended the Bankruptcy Code .
Michael Uslan and Benjamin Melniker acquired the Batman film rights from DC Comics in 1979 , and hired Tom Mankiewicz to write .
The 20th Century Fox release starred Adam West as Batman and Burt Ward as Robin .
Together with nearby Anglet , Biarritz , Saint-Jean-de-Luz , and several smaller communes , Bayonne forms an urban area with 178,965 inhabitants at the 1999 census , 40,078 of whom lived in the city of Bayonne proper ( 44,300 as of 2004 estimates ) .
Contains a detailed and vivid account of society during the Plague outbreak in its time .
The decision was reportedly made by groups of militants including Southern Cameroons under the aegis of Southern Cameroons Peoples Organisation ( SCAPO ) , Bakassi Movement for Self Determination ( BAMOSD ) , and the Movement for the Emancipation of the Niger Delta ( MEND ) .
However , the Borzoi Club of America asserts Borzoi is the preferred form for both singular and plural .
The Basenji produces an unusual yodel-like sound , due to its unusually shaped larynx .
All other benzodiazepines are not illegal to possess for personal use , but distribution/ traffic of any Benzodiazepine is punishable by law .
The rubber Balloon was invented by Michael Faraday in 1824 ; it was inflated with hydrogen and used in his experiments with that element .
The biodiversity characteristic of each Biome , especially the diversity of fauna and subdominant plant forms , is a function of abiotic factors and the biomass productivity of the dominant vegetation .
The BeBox made its debut in October 1995 ( BeBox Dual603-66 ) .
Instead , the client 's solicitors will instruct a Barrister on behalf of the client when appropriate .
The word 'borough ' derives from a common Indo-European language cognate , meaning 'fort ' ; compare Borough , bury ( England ) , burgh ( Scotland ) , burg ( German ) , bourg ( France ) , borg ( Scandanavia ) .
The College is home to the nationally acclaimed " Bodmin College Jazz Orchestra " , run by former Director of Music at the school Adrian Evans .
This entry deals with the Breviary prior to the changes introduced by Pope Paul VI in 1974.
In the Bildungsroman , the author presents the psychological , moral and social shaping of the personality of the  generally , young  protagonist .
A man who was formerly married is not a Bachelor but rather is a divorc or a widower ( except in cases where the marriage was legally annulled , in which case there was legally no marriageespecially if it was never consummated ) .
In 1933 a Russian director named Theodore Komisarjevsky staged a modern retelling of the play ( Banquo and Macbeth were told of their future through palmistry ) ; he used Macbeth 's shadow as the ghost .
In 1007 , Henry II , King of the Romans , made Bamberg a family inheritance , the seat of a separate diocese .
Of these include the Wattier family and its union with the Bonaparte family .
The hexagonal crystals of Beryl may be very small or range to several meters in size .
The Bacardi legacy lives on in Santiago and Havana through their grand buildings and historic significance .
Since that time , the term Bolshevik has been regarded as obsolete , and relevant only to the pre-Revolutionary times and the Russian Civil War .
Banacek is called in after a star running back vanishes from a dogpile on national television .
It should be noted that Bokken (  ) is not a proper , nor a common term in Japan .
Some Bovril lovers ( as seen at football matches ) like to shake white pepper and a little cayenne into the drink .
Under the lower container of the Bain-marie ( or built into its base ) is a heat source .
Founded in 1960 by two Australians , driver Jack Brabham and designer Ron Tauranac , the team won four drivers ' and two constructors ' world championships in its 30-year Formula One history .
The Leopard danio , previously known as Danio frankeri , is a spotted colour morph of the Zebrafish Danio rerio caused by a pigment mutation .
With bnetd , a gamer is not required to use the official Battle.net servers to play Blizzard games .
Belfast is situated on Northern Ireland 's eastern coast .
These have been shot down by Bentley employees on the basis that the idea would not fit into their future plans and also the fact that the manufacturing facilities are already running at full capacity .
At the same time , Chess was often used as a basis of sermons on morality .
Popular account of Sarah 's award-winning project on public-key Cryptography , co-written with her father .
The city is also home to EQUIS accredited and high-ranked Copenhagen Business School .
Historically , it was sometimes referred to as " the Calculus of infinitesimals " , but that usage is seldom seen today .
Communication Theories : Origins , Methods , Uses .
The study of the Classics was the initial field of study in the humanities .
Earlier in the history of Chemistry substances were given name by their discoverer , which often led to some confusion and difficulty .
By the 4th century , Christianity had become the dominant religion in the Roman Empire .
An example of this type of building is the Newport Casino in Newport , Rhode Island .
Pinnipeds are marine Carnivora and therefore need to have a relatively large body to retain heat .
Colombia has 24 public universities .
Decoding is the reverse process , converting these Code symbols back into information understandable by a receiver .
A coastline is properly a line on a map indicating the disposition of a coast , but the word is often used to refer to the Coast itself .
In this sense the term continental Europe is used to refer to mainland Europe , excluding islands such as Great Britain , Ireland , and Iceland , and the term Continent of Australia may refer to the mainland of Australia , excluding Tasmania .
When using a Cipher the original information is known as plaintext , and the encrypted form as ciphertext .
In the case of countries , this term refers specifically to a national Constitution defining the fundamental political principles , and establishing the structure , procedures , powers and duties , of a government .
Many countries have extended the length of their Copyright terms ( sometimes retroactively ) .
This results in a lower bulk electrical conductivity for Carbon than for most metals .
Charlemagne , as an ideal ruler , ought to be portrayed in the corresponding fashion , any contemporary would have assumed .
In 1992 , because of growing nationalist tensions , Czechoslovakia was peacefully dissolved by parliament .
Since then , renewed efforts to introduce teaching Creationism in American public schools in the form of flood geology , creation science , and intelligent design have been consistently held to contravene the constitutional separation of Church and State by a succession of legal judgements .
Colloidal systems ( also called colloidal solutions or colloidal suspensions ) are the subject of interface and Colloid science .
Hot water and soap followed by a rinse with an antibacterial cleaner ( dilute bleach is common in a mixture of 1 tablespoon per gallon of water , as at that dilution it is considered food safe , though some professionals choose not to use this method because they believe it could taint some foods ) , or a trip through a dishwasher with a " sanitize " cycle , are effective methods for reducing the risk of illness due to contaminated Cooking implements .
Cross-stitch is usually executed on easily countable evenweave fabric .
The Cambrian takes its name from Cambria , the classical name for Wales , the area where rocks from this time period were first studied .
For example , 1 cubic foot of Concrete would be made using 22 lbs cement , 10 lbs water , 41 lbs dry sand , 70 lbs dry stone ( 1/ 2 " to 3/ 4 " stone ) .
A female Condom is also available .
Cladistics originated in the field of biology but in recent years has found application in other disciplines .
Periods in a Calendar ( such as years and months ) are usually , though not necessarily , synchronized with the cycles of some astronomical phenomenon , such as the cycle of the sun , or the moon .
If emission in some directions is blocked by an opaque barrier , the emission would still be approximately one Candela in the directions that are not obscured .
Chives starting to look old can be cut back to about 2-5 cm ; this length is also preferred when harvesting , making the unattractive yellowing appear close to the ground , so that the plant can retain its aesthetic value .
The nearest countries to the Comoros are Mozambique , Tanzania , Madagascar , and the Seychelles .
One of major characteristics of the Cucurbitales is the presence of unisexual flowers , mostly pentacyclic , with thick pointed petals ( whenever present ) ( Matthews and Endress , 2004 ) .
The oldest roots of Crokinole from the 1860s suggest the British and South Asian games are the most likely antecedents of what became crokinole .
The relationship between democracy and Capitalism is a contentious area in theory and popular political movements .
Cameroon became a German colony in 1884.
Modern literary figures from Cyprus include the poet and writer Kostas Montis , poet Kyriakos Charalambides , poet Michalis Pasardis , writer Nicos Nicolaides , Stylianos Atteshlis , Altheides and also Demetris Th . Gotsis .
The word 'copula ' originates from the Latin noun for a " link or tie " that connects two different things ( for a short history of the Copula see the appendix to Moro 1997 and references cited there ) .
In industrial fired heaters , power plant steam generators , and large gas-fired turbines , the more common way of expressing the usage of more than the stoichiometric Combustion air is percent excess combustion air .
Since the number of consonants in the world 's languages is much greater than the number of Consonant letters in any one alphabet , linguists have devised systems such as the International Phonetic Alphabet ( IPA ) to assign a unique symbol to each attested consonant .
The wet climate and relatively poor soil of Cornwall make it unsuitable for growing many arable crops .
A five-Centime coin was known as a sou , i. e.
Some electroneurobiological interpretations of Consciousness characterize this loss of consciousness as a loss of the ability to resolve time ( similar to playing an old phonographic record at very slow or very rapid speed ) , along a continuum that starts with inattention , continues on sleep , and arrives to coma and death .
World Health Organization recommended maximum allowable concentration in drinking water for Chromium ( VI ) is 0.05 milligrams per liter .
Cobalt has been detected in Egyptian sculpture and Persian jewelry from the third millennium BC , in the ruins of Pompeii ( destroyed AD 79 ) , and in China dating from the Tang dynasty ( AD 618907 ) and the Ming dynasty ( AD 13681644 ) .
Cadmium can bind up to ten times more strongly than zinc in certain biological systems , and is notoriously difficult to remove .
Water should not be used to stop Cerium fires , as cerium reacts with water to produce hydrogen gas .
A radioactive metallic transuranic element of the actinide series , Curium is produced by bombarding plutonium with alpha particles ( helium ions ) and was named for Marie Curie and her husband Pierre .
For example , at many institutions , the undergraduate portion of the university can be briefly referred to as the college ( such as The College of the University of Chicago , Harvard College at Harvard , or Columbia College at Columbia ) while at others each of the faculties may be called a " college " ( the " college of engineering " , the " college of nursing " , and so forth ) .
Although technically any modern paperback is a Codex , the term is used only for manuscript ( hand-written ) books , produced from Late Antiquity through the Middle Ages .
Some people automatically connect Cross-dressing behavior to transgender identity or sexual , fetishist , and homosexual behavior , but the term cross-dressing itself does not imply any motives .
and Team17 's are also Cyberpunk games .
According to Encyclopdia Britannica , " Collectivism has found varying degrees of expression in the 20th century in such movements as socialism , communism , and fascism . The least collectivist of these is social democracy , which seeks to reduce the inequities of unrestrained capitalism by government regulation , redistribution of income , and varying degrees of planning and public ownership . In socialist systems collectivist economics are carried to their furthest extreme , with a minimum of private ownership and a maximum of planned economy . " However , political collectivism is not necessarily associated with support for states , governments , or other hierarchical institutions .
Nepeta  faassenii ( N. racemosa  N. nepetella ; Faassen 's Nepeta or Faassen 's Catnip ) is mostly grown as an ornamental plant .
Cumin fell out of favour in Europe except in Spain and Malta during the Middle Ages .
Another distinguishing feature of asymmetric schemes is that , unlike attacks on symmetric cryptosystems , any Cryptanalysis has the opportunity to make use of knowledge gained from the public key .
Chicano poet and writer Tino Villanueva traces the first documented use of the term to 1911 as referenced in a then-unpublished essay by anthropologist Jose Limn .
In news and documentary work , the Cutaway is used much as it would be in fiction .
Coma may result from a variety of conditions , including intoxication , metabolic abnormalities , central nervous system diseases , acute neurologic injuries such as stroke , and hypoxia .
Being a Capitalist in this original sense does not necessarily mean that one supports capitalism .
In states based on society-centered ideologies , world-views and religions , Conscription is the natural way of raising the army .
It is occasionally called " Cervix uteri " , or " neck of the uterus " .
A Compiler is likely to perform many or all of the following operations : lexical analysis , preprocessing , parsing , semantic analysis , code generation , and code optimization .
Listening to the only surviving recordings of a Castrato ( see below ) , one can hear that the lower part of the voice sounds like a " super-high " tenor , with a more falsetto-like upper register above that .
For a list of these organizations , see Caving organizations .
Exploring a Cave for recreation or science may be called " caving " , " potholing " , or occasionally ( only in Canada and the United States ) , " spelunking " .
The word stems from the Latin verb " celebrere " but they may not become a Celebrity unless public and mass media interest is piqued .
In popular culture Cupid is frequently shown shooting his bow to inspire romantic love , often as an icon of Valentine 's Day .
Centuries are numbered ordinally ( e. g. " The Seventh Century AD " ) .
Cardiff has eighty-six state primary schools ( two bilingual , ten Welsh medium ) , eleven infant schools , ten junior schools and twenty state secondary schools , of which two are Welsh medium .
When used for access in commercial and industrial environments within Europe carabiners must comply with EN 362:2004 " Personal protective equipment against falls from a height . Connectors " As climbing and access in these environments use shock prevention devices the minimum strength of a Carabiner to ! EN362:2004 is lower than that of a carabiner compliant with EN 12275:1998 at around 15 kN .
Continuity is particularly a concern in the production of film and television due to the difficulty of rectifying an error in continuity after shooting has completed , although it also applies to other art forms , including novels , comics , anime , videogames and animation , though usually on a much broader scale .
The following summer , back in the United States , Wiener decided to introduce the neologism Cybernetics into his scientific theory .
In the second episode , " Sam 's Women " , Norm tells a customer looking for the owner of Cheers that the man he thought was the owner has been replaced , and his replacement was replaced by Sam .
By definition , chords occur when multiple notes sound simultaneously ; however , chordal , harmonic , " vertical " features are considered secondary and almost incidental when Counterpoint is the predominant textural element .
Of the many kinds of Cyanide compounds , some are gases , others are solids or liquids .
The term " carbonate " is also commonly used to refer to one of these salts or Carbonate minerals .
Color effects are produced when a material is scored with fine parallel lines , formed of a thin layer or of two or more parallel thin layers , or otherwise composed of microstructures on the scale of the color 's wavelength .
It is not too expensive for an amateur Clown to lease a costume , and even home makeup ( except for the white color ) will create an attractive effect for the spectators .
1650 , when the Jesuit religious order extensively used Casuistry , particularly in practicing the private , Roman Catholic confessional .
Circe transformed her enemies , or those who offended her , into animals through the use of magical potions .
After Edmund Halley demonstrated that the comets of 1531 , 1607 , and 1682 were the same body and successfully predicted its return in 1759 , that Comet became known as Comet Halley .
Comparison of Compost standards within the EU , North America , and Australasia .
It can make use of other technologies such as Altair PBS Professional , Microsoft Windows Compute Cluster Server , Platform LSF and Sun Grid Engine .
The reddish siltstone rock that caps many ridges and buttes in the Powder River Basin ( Wyoming ) , and in western North Dakota is called porcelanite , which also may resemble the Coal burning waste " clinker " or volcanic " scoria " .
They are used for a variety of purposes from study of the dynamics of the weather and Climate system to projections of future climate .
Crystals are often symmetrically intergrown to form Crystal twins .
Cytosine can also be methylated into 5-methylcytosine by an enzyme called DNA methyltransferase .
Although C was designed for implementing system software , it is also widely used for developing application software .
In this view , elements of Calvinism represented a revolt against the medieval condemnation of usury and , implicitly , of profit in general .
In this way , seemingly using copyrighted works as if there were no copyright law on them , with one exception : Copyleft also grants the open access to information useful in supporting modification ( e. g. source code ) by enforcing its publication , and allows the original author to be acknowledged .
Plutarch adds that Cicero was urged to change this deprecatory name when he entered politics , but refused , saying that he would make Cicero more glorious than Scaurus ( " Swollen-ankled " ) and Catulus ( " Puppy " ) .
This institution , with its name , was eventually emulated by other powers and eventually led to the modern meaning of " Consul " - see Consul ( representative ) .
The Commodores originally called themselves the Jays , but had to change their name because of the similarly named O'Jays .
In the human body , a malfunction of the immune system , called an autoimmune disease , results in an immune response in which healthy Collagen fibers are systematically destroyed with inflammation of surrounding tissues .
Big 6 and Big 8 : These wagers are usually avoided by experienced Craps players since they pay even money while a player can bet on the same proposition ( that the number will be rolled before a 7 ) by making place/ buy bets on the 6 or the 8 , which pay more money .
Following the First Chechen War with Russia , Chechnya gained de facto independence as the Chechen Republic of Ichkeria .
Some shades of color close to Cyan in the cyan color range are baby blue , turquoise and aquamarine .
Although it is known mainly as one of the state 's toughest football leagues , the CPL has produced state champions in a wide variety of sports .
In sweet and savoury custards such as those found in flan fillings , crme brles and crme caramels , both types of Cream are called for in different recipes depending on how rich a result is called for .
A vector field which has zero Curl everywhere is called irrotational .
Once a Conjecture is formally proven true it is elevated to the status of theorem and may be used afterwards without risk in the construction of other formal mathematical proofs .
: For example , the set R of all real numbers has Cardinality strictly greater than the cardinality of the set N of all natural numbers , because the inclusion map i : N  R is injective , but it can be shown that there does not exist a bijective function from N to R.
As Cologne competed for hosting the Olympics a modern stadium was erected in Mngersdorf .
That Circle is sometimes said to be drawn about two points .
Pope Paul VI also increased the number of Cardinal Bishops by giving that rank to patriarchs of the Eastern Catholic Churches who are made cardinals .
Grant . The importance of the economic impact of the secular Christmas holiday was reinforced in the 1930s when President .
Compared with less complex cultures , members of a Civilization are organized into a diverse division of labour and an intricate social hierarchy .
The player takes on the role of the ruler of a Civilization starting with nothing but a single Settler unit ( sometimes two of them ) .
A Cuboctahedron has 12 identical vertices , with two triangles and two squares meeting at each , and 24 identical edges , each separating a triangle from a square .
John Clare , Samuel Pepys and Douglas Adams are all famous literary figures who hail from Cambridgeshire , as does Jeffrey Archer .
Thereby , Cairo will be well-qualified and well-equipped to maintain its pioneering role in the field of satellite television and to provide television and film production facilities that can support the information breakthrough .
More frequently , however , the Cupola comprises a smaller structure which sits on top of the main roof .
The ancient Greeks distinguished the destructive ( aidelon ) Fire , associated with Hades , from the creative fire , associated with Hephaistos .
A similar belief was attributed by some ancient sources to Diogenes Apolloniates ( late 5th century BCE ) , who also linked air with intelligence and soul ( psyche ) , but other sources claim that his arche was a substance between Air and fire .
According to one such tradition , she is the personification of the Earth itself ; according to another , its actual mother , being Prithvi Tattwa , the essence of the element earth .
The Church became overwhelmingly Gentile sometime in the 2nd century .
For example , linguists would not say that the English word sushi is Cognate to the Japanese word sushi , because the word was borrowed from Japanese into English .
Interestingly , Mikhail 's surname "  " means " color " in Russian , so there is the possibility that his naming the procedure Chromatography ( literally " color writing " ) was a way that he could make sure that he , a commoner in Tsarist Russia , could be immortalized .
The Capsid encloses the genetic material of the virus .
The condition can be prevented by using Chloramphenicol at the recommended doses and monitoring blood levels .
Sporadic and genetic Cretinism results from abnormal development or function of the foetal thyroid gland .
. Culture being a pursuit of our total perfection by means of getting to know , on all the matters which most concern us , the best which has been thought and said in the world .
It was first defined by Professor Nicolas Clment in 1824 as a kilogram-Calorie , and this definition entered French and English dictionaries between 1841 and 1867.
Corcovado hill lies just west of the city center but is wholly within the city limits and visible from great distances .
The chest tomb in the chancel is believed to be to Sir Thomas Cheddar and dated 1442.
The unmodified word clarinet usually refers to the Bflat soprano Clarinet , by far the most common clarinet .
It is the administrative seat of the rural gmina called Gmina Chojnw , although the town is not part of its territory ( hojnw forms a separate urban gmina ) .
He was able to test the proposal put forward by Wilhelm Roux , that each Chromosome carries a different genetic load , and showed that Roux was right .
Most Ciliate cell membranes are surrounded by a pellicle - a clear , elastic layer of protein .
Vinyl chloride , from which PVC is manufactured , is a Carcinogen and thus a hazard in PVC production .
The bowl-shaped outflow is the simplest form of a water Clock and is known to have existed in Babylon and in Egypt around the 16th century BC .
A composite material of Ceramic and metal is known as cermet .
Hence , far from being a hindrance , unspecific Coercion is in this view a necessary condition for human progress .
A Client-server application is a distributed system comprised of both client and server software .
The Clutch connects the two shafts so that they can either be locked together and spin at the same speed ( engaged ) , or be decoupled and spin at different speeds ( disengaged ) .
Apollo loved Cassandra and when she did not return his love , he cursed her so that her gift would become a source of endless pain and frustration .
The Poetic epigram is also in the Couplet form .
In temperate countries , Celery is also grown for its seeds , which yield a valuable volatile oil used in the perfume and pharmaceutical industries .
Cessna press releases in 2008 specifically omit any mention of where the aircraft is being manufactured .
While the earlier smaller species were insectivores , the later marmot-sized Cimolestes magnus probably took larger prey and were definitely a Carnivore to some degree .
In February 1985 , Ugo Vetere , the mayor of Rome , and Chedly Klibi , the mayor of Carthage , signed a symbolic treaty " officially " ending the conflict between their cities , which had been supposedly extended by the lack of a peace treaty for more than 2100 years .
For example , 6 and 35 are coprime , but 6 and 27 are not Coprime because they are both divisible by 3.
A person who plays a Cello is called a cellist .
Advocates for a northern homeland point to Greek and Roman sources that associate the Cimbri with the peninsula of Jutland .
There have also been many where the Carbine and rifle adopted by a particular nation were not technically related , such as using completely different ammunition or internal operating systems ( though the carbine still being weaker , or of smaller size ) .
In addition , Curry leaves - Murraya koenigii ; syn . Bergera koenigii , Chalcas koenigii , known as 'Karuvapillai ' ( literal translation Karu - black ; ve(a)pillai - neem leaf , which means that it is a black neem leaf , tasting slightly bitter ) in the Tamil , karibevu in the Kannada , and kariveppila in Malyalam literally means black/ dark leaf , and is used in various kinds of dishes common in South India .
A fully-grown adult Camel stands convert at the shoulder and convert at the hump .
Intuitively , Currying says " if you fix some arguments , you get a function of the remaining arguments " .
Ciconiiformes are known from the Late Eocene .
The methods of Compactification are various , but each is a way of controlling points from " going off to infinity " by in some way adding " points at infinity " or preventing such an " escape " .
This satire tells the story of " a gullible ingenue " , Gulliver , who , like Candide , travels to several " remote nations " and is hardened by the many misfortunes which befall him .
Unlike a point-to-point connection , a Bus can logically connect several peripherals over the same set of wires .
In Rudy Rucker 's 2007 novel Postsingular Cuttlefish have mythical significance to people in a parallel universe ( where they have already been fished to extinction ) .
In Association Croquet one player ( or in doubles , one team ) takes the black and blue balls , the other takes red and yellow .
In the early history of Curling , the rocks were simply flat-bottomed river stones that were sometimes notched or shaped ; the thrower had little control over the rock , and relied more on luck than skill to win , unlike today 's reliance on skill and strategy .
This mix was included on the album Ayu-mi-x -GOLD- , which gave Coldcut a big increase in worldwide popularity .
A Cuisine is primarily influenced by the ingredients that are available locally or through trade .
Using more than one Codec or encoding scheme successively can also degrade quality significantly .
Most software on CPAN is free software .
The most important use of Cement is the production of mortar and concrete - the bonding of natural or artificial aggregates to form a strong building material which is durable in the face of normal environmental effects .
Results indicated partial support for the principled-Conservatism position .
If a Clade proves robust in alternate cladistic analyses using different sets of data , it may be adopted into taxonomy and become a taxon .
After the pesticide allegations were made in 2003 , oca-Cola sales declined by 15 % .
This definition of Cofinality relies on the axiom of choice , as it uses the fact that every non-empty set of cardinal numbers has a least member .
For example Barcelona had a great Citadel built in 1714 to intimidate the Catalans against repeating their mid 17th and early 18th century rebellions against the Spanish central government .
A shirt made from Mail is a hauberk if knee-length , haubergeon if mid-thigh length , and byrnie if waist-length .
Cerberus guarded the gate to Hades and ensured that spirits of the dead could enter , but none could exit ( additionally , no living person was to come into Hades ) .
During the dot-com bubble of the late 1990s , the lowercase prefixes " e " ( for " electronic " ) and " i " ( for " Internet " , " information " , or perhaps " intelligent " ) became quite common , giving rise to some CamelCase names like iPod and eBox .
The question of what constituted true Christendom would occupy political and religious leaders for centuries .
A few authors , however , Ernest Thompson Seton being among them , accepted Oken 's nomenclature , and went as far as referring to the Coyote as American jackal .
The Canidae family is divided into the " true dogs " ( or canines ) of the tribe Canini and the " foxes " of the tribe Vulpini .
Traditional Couscous requires considerable preparation time and is usually steamed .
After 1922 , the Cheka underwent a series of reorganizations .
A Clitic attaches to an adjacent word , known as its host .
In 1969 , a Roman Catholic priest consecrated the Cryonics capsule of Ann DeBlasio , one of the first cryonics patients .
Thus Commonwealth originally meant a state or nation-state governed for the common good as opposed to an authoritarian state governed for the benefit of a given class of owners .
Generic Ciprofloxacin is now available in many markets around the world including the USA .
Proteins within the Cytosol play an important role in signal transduction pathways and glycolysis .
Newer COBOL compilers support the LOCAL-STORAGE section for local variables .
The word has particular nautical resonances : the tasks involved in operating a ship , particularly a sailing ship , providing numerous specialities within a ship 's Crew , often organised with a chain of command .
The 1x speed rating for CD-ROM ( 150 KiB/ s ) is different than 1x speed rating for audio CD ( 172.3 KiB/ s ) and is not to be confused with the 1x speed rating for DVDs ( 1.32 MiB/ s ) .
Halacy 's Cyborg : Evolution of the Superman in 1965 featured an introduction by Manfred Clynes , who wrote of a " new frontier " that was " not merely space , but more profoundly the relationship between 'inner space ' to 'outer space ' -a bridge ... between mind and matter . " The Cyborg is often seen today merely as an organism that has enhanced abilities due to technology , but this perhaps oversimplifies the category of feedback .
To encourage that people use and throw away less , in April 2006 a was added to the price of Chopsticks in China .
For the 2009 Dodge Ram , Chrysler is launching an improved version of its HEMI V-8 engine featuring variable valve timing and a four-cylinder mode with an expanded operating range .
Unlike the penis , which is homologous to the clitoris , the Clitoris does not contain the distal portion of the urethra and functions solely to induce sexual pleasure .
The highest point in the Cotswolds range is Cleeve Hill at convert , convert to the north of Cheltenham .
The following primary chakras are commonly described : # Muladhara ( Sanskrit :  , Mldhra ) lower body # Swadhisthana ( Sanskrit :  , Svdhihna ) reproductive parts # Manipura ( Sanskrit :  , Maipra ) navel # Anahata ( Sanskrit :  , Anhata ) heart # Vishuddha ( Sanskrit :  , Viuddha ) throat # ! Ajna ( Sanskrit :  , j ) eyebrow or forehead # Sahasrara ( Sanskrit :  , Sahasrra ) top of head Chakras in the head from lowest to highest are : golata , talu/ talana/ lalana , ajna , talata/ lalata , manas , soma , sahasrara ( and sri inside it . ) The concept of Chakra are often treated in different ways , depending on the cultural context .
Cloning from a single specimen could not create a viable breeding population in sexually reproducing animals .
Among the esters are Cellulose acetate and cellulose triacetate , which are film- and fiber-forming materials that find a variety of uses .
In Ancient Greece , the city that owned a Colony was called the metropolis within its political organization .
A Column might not support any major structure but be a decorative or triumphant feature with e. g a statue on top .
It starred Meg Tilly as Carmilla and Ione Skye a lonely Southern girl who Carmilla seduces .
Its usage carries strong connotations of shadowy corners , back rooms and insidious influence ; a Cabal is more evil and selective than , say , a faction , which is simply selfish .
Colette is interred in Le Pre Lachaise Cemetery in Paris .
Elements of Chromatin structure : histones , nucleosomes , and fibres , p.
Mnemonic : CCD ( Cathode Current Departs ) .
Materials with bulk Chirality can be cleaved exposing a chiral surface .
Usually a Campus includes libraries , lecture halls , residence halls and park-like settings .
The Crossbow prod is very short compared to ordinary bows , resulting in a short draw length .
Warfarin ( Coumadin ) , phenytoin ( Dilantin ) , theophylline , and valproic acid ( Depakote , Depakote ER , Depakene , Depacon ) are more rapidly metabolized with carbamazepine , while Carbamazepine levels are elevated when taken with erythromycin , cimetidine ( Tagamet ) , propoxyphene ( Darvon ) , and calcium channel blockers .
Chlorophyll is not soluble in water and is first mixed with a small quantity of oil to obtain the desired result .
The Baroque , to which he contributed so much , had evolved , and fashions had changed , but perhaps more pertinently Caravaggio never established a workshop as the Carracci 's did , and thus had no school to spread his techniques .
New products such as Cranberry apple juice blends were introduced , followed by other juice blends .
Over the years , the nature and role of the Cruiser has changed considerably , and today the cruiser has largely been replaced by destroyers in its roles .
Concorde flew fast enough that the weight of everyone onboard was temporarily reduced by about 1 % when flying east .
Cannon vary in caliber , range , mobility , rate of fire , angle of fire , and firepower ; different forms of cannon combine and balance these attributes in varying degrees , depending on their intended use on the battlefield .
The Catapult appears to have been invented in 399 BC in the city of Syracuse during the reign of the tyrant Dionysius I.
The unbalanced and unpolished poetic meter and line length parody the limerick , and the Clerihew form also parodies the eulogy .
While studies show that the lead consumed in Chocolate may not all be absorbed by the human body , there is no known threshold for the effects of lead on children 's brain function and even small quantities of lead can cause permanent neurodevelopmental deficits including impaired IQ .
Earlier papers referred to Calreticulin as an Ro/ SS-A antigen , but this was later disproven .
The name Cranng derives from crannoge , from the names crannc , from Old Irish , from crann , tree .
A Cist may have been associated with other monuments , perhaps under a cairn or long barrow .
The Carat is divisible into one hundred points of two milligrams each .
Investigations will reveal whether the mass passenger movement achieved today by buses is more effectively catered for by a Tramlink extension .
Particularly with larger vessels , the Catenary curve given by the weight of the rode presents a lower angle of pull on the anchor or mooring device .
